=== EXTRACTED 2026-04-21T17:59:42.7261144-06:00 ===
Historical Timeline of Asceveron:
Date
Date System Pre-Magi-Bane
Name of Event
Description of Event
1,000,000 - 210,000 PB
Great Abundance
Creation of Eldarum
200,000 PB
Essence of the World
Creation of Nila (God of nature)
101,000 PB - 10,000 PB
Elemental Generation
Creation of Nature Gods (Rasdon - Fire, Amino - Water, and Edtris - Earth)
100,000 PB - 60,000 PB
Frenzied Devation
Creation of Nature Gods (Otila - Wind & Toros - Storm)
60,000 PB
Properities Grace
Creation of the Good Gods
50,000 PB
Savage Embrace
Creation of the first creatures
50,000 PB - 10,000 PB
Struggle of the Gods
10,000 - 6,000 PB
Fallen gods (Good Gods turned evil)
6,000 PB - 3,000 PB
The Purge (Creation of the Fallen One, Crimson King, & Soul Crusher
2,500 PB
0 - 1,709
Humanoids emerge and for the first tribes ("Satu" - Eventually Zrelians)
790 PB - 783 PB
1,710 - 1,717
Rise and decline of the "Fallen One" (Beginning of first cultists)
777 PB
1,723
Rise of the Zrelian Dynasty (Language Zrhalian (zrr-hall-ian) started)
756 PB
1,744
The first Pharoh
696 PB - 625 PB
1,804 - 1,875
Battle of Good and Evil Gods
500 PB
2,000
Zrelian Dynasty expansion (Off continent)
452 PB
2,048
Regnant Struggle
Crimson King Rise and Fall
436 PB - 383 PB
2,064 - 2,117
Gods battle
408 PB
2,092
Zrelian Dynasty peak of power
383-125 PB
2,117 - 2,375
Titan Wars
125 PB
2,375
Natures Acrimony
Nature ends the war with massive Elemental Titans (Scourge)
125 PB - 75 AB
2,375 - 2,450
Zrelia Great Abandonment
0 AB
2,575
Magi-Bane
Cesation of all magical power
89 AB
Beginning of Stammont Kingdom
212 AB
Beginning of the Sverge Republic
689 AB
End of Magi-Bane
922 AB
Zrelia Dynasty Restoration
1,105 AB
First attacks on Stammont Kingdom
1,107 AB - 1,134 AB
Stammont Bastionization
Stammont defensive build-up
1,142 - 1,354 AB
The 200 year war
War between Zrelia & Stammont Kingdom
1,355 AB
Cesation of Conflicts
Temperary peace put in place
1,367 AB
Zrelia starts sending spys
1,373 AB
Zrelia attempts underground land invasion, fails
1,402 AB - 1,547 AB
Escalating Sea battles
1,550 AB
The Sailors Tomb -Sea battle
1,551 AB
Armistice
1,558 AB
Today - Rising Tensions
The recent events in Asceveron, in the campaign for the characters, and other events:
The group meet up around Asceveron and have a short story of how each of them got there and how they joined up  Those events are covered in these documents:
Once the party makes it to Roafort, they are introduced to an issue of the missing bride who is the daughter of one of the royal court members.
The group agreed to try to find Allie and they set off with some information about a cave a little ways north.  When the party got to the cave, they had to fight there way through some strange creatures.  They finally met a villainous looking creature who was actively experimenting on living beings.  Allie was in a cage over a vat of liquid.  Horrus Dune summoned a demon to fight the party as he attempted to finish his alchemy on Allie.  Ultimately, Lady Allie was saved and Horrus Dune escaped via a well-timed teleportation spell.
After Allies return, there was a formal ball held at Admiral Craxtons villa where the group mingled with many of the elites from Stammont Kingdom.  There, they learned a number of details:
Conversations had at the party for Allie Craxtons return (page 1 of 2):
* The court did not answer direct questions about the inner workings of the royal family or court.  They would only provide names and positions. The pieces of gossip you received about members of the court was overheard and not intended for your ears.
·         A local man went missing for three days and has reappeared with no idea of where he has been
-Was taken by goblins and experimented on by Horrus Dune.  He was a completed project.
·         Rumors of a powerful crystal or shard of some sort in an abandoned town.  Only 1 large house still exists.
-"The Haunt" Adventure near Shimmergate
·        People are saying that Baron Ernest Wells is Gay
-This would be bad if found out.  He would be executed.
·        A famous group of bandits buried all their loot outside of Ravenfort just before they were caught and put to death. No one has ever found it.
-Up river.  Know the location they were caught, but no other info.  Will need to question people about specific missing item, then use detect magic to find the hideout.  Hideout is in a watery cave in a swamp that has been taken over by a black dragon.
·        A while back a streak of light from the sky met with the ground a long way north of town.  The ground shook and a bright flash was seen.  It was spectacular.
-Meteor fell.  Strange "Radioactive" crystal.  All animals in the area are the "large" version of the normal animal.
·        Discussions about the arena: Monsters, Men, Slaves, battles
-"Roafort Arena" handout
·        Rumor is that there is a house in town that is an empty shell hiding a portal to another dimension… but no one knows which one it is
-The rumors are incorrect.  There is a house, but it is a normal full house.  It just has a teleportation circle in the basement (which has a hidden entrance) that links Roafort with an army stronghold in Zrelia.  The reason the rumor exists is because people were talking about a large amount of rare chalks and gem infused ink that was imported into "Impeccable Inks".  The man who purchased it was never seen again after the final purchase.  A deep investigation might reveal people who remember where he was seen which will narrow the search.  A detect magic outside the house will reveal the portal.
·        In Pullac, the priests place large stones on top of the coffins he buries as the dead have a terrible habit of rising
-"The rising dead" adventure
·        Discussions about “the veil” Anti-magic people
-"The Veil" Adventure
Conversations had at the party for Allie Craxtons return (page 2 of 2):
·        Rumor is that Vicecount Henchy is having an affair with Countess Farrington
-This is a serious matter and is already being looked into given it involved the Count.  If proven, Vicecount Henchy would be stripped of royal status and then executed.  The Countess would also potentially have the same fate but insists Henchy forced her to do it.  If the party can prove her innocence, she will be cleared of all charges.  Henchy paid an Alchemist from Collimar to create a Geas "potion" that would keep her under his influence for a year.  He was having another potion brewed to keep this influence active.  It is extremely expensive.  He has also cast this on Nicholas Woulfe with the intent to embezzle money from Roafort in part to pay for the potions.  Henchy has a secret area within the main government hall that he meets both parties.  Linked to "the ghost" and "the serial killer".
·        There is a ghost that haunts the local church yard.
-Is a ghost of one of the slain women from "The Serial Killer".  Linked to Henchy.
·        People say there is a tree in the forest that acts as a secret entrance to the faerie world
-A portal to the Feywild.  Created by Gadarast, the druid.  If in danger or for other reasons, he seeks sanctuary there.  Linked to the singing in the forest.
·        I have heard that there are birds in the forest that have feathers of real gold
-These are gold dragons who often take the shape of canaries.  When they drop feathers, they are made of solid gold.
·        Blizzard raging for months in the mountains
- East of Pullac.  White dragon lair.
·        There are whispers that there are revolutionaries trying to overthrow the King.
-"The Kings Bane"
·        People say there is a Serial Killer in Ravenfort.  The Crimson Guard have no leads.
- Also Count Henchy.  If Henchy dies, no more people are killed.  Linked to rumor of affair and ghost in cemetery.
·        Vicecountess Eimear McDonell whispers to come talk to her in private sometime. (whispered to Flavious)
-Henchy tried to force her to drink a drink from a glass.  He was interrupted and she left.
·        People are saying that animals are attacking lumberjacks north of town periodically.
-The druid Radagast fighting against the destruction of the forest.  He is getting close to the breaking point.
·        People who enter the haunted woods say they can hear beautiful singing but no one has ever found the source
-Sirens (Make appropriately leveled creature type) Singing from the Feywild portal in the tree.
Lady Allie had her big wedding day.  During the “Red Wedding”, Allies skin turns green and she starts swelling with large boils popping:
Pre-wedding
Review “Leister Territory Rumors”
Anything the party wants to do
Any pre-wedding prep?
Wedding
Overview of guest:
- The royal court at the party
- Other guests: Business Owners, Foreign Dignitaries: (Dwarfs, Elves?),
Ceremony Starts
Ceremony Mid way through – Allie throws up
Allies skin starts turning green
She swells up and turns into a creature – Puss spewing out
Battle with Quellion
- During battle, skin bubbles blow up spreading disease
Aftermath
People that are infected: parents, groom, priest, others?
- After fight, Priest (cleric) casts Gentle Repose (10 days – lvl 2)
- some people infected – don’t know what that means.  Detect disease: “Demon Blisters”
- Lesser Restoration does not work (Due to the magical properties of the disease)
- Detect magic detects transmutative, abjuration, and necromantic
To resolve:
- Cast counter spell, then dispel magic x2, while simultaneously casing lesser restoration
- Alchemy DC 25 to produce antidote or pay an Alchemist
The Admiral and the party searched for answers within the Obsidian Order Library where they met Reece O’Hannon who was also at the wedding. Ultimately found that they need to retrieve Short-Stem Staghorn Caps as the adventure is described here:
Session 4 – The Cure:
“The Cure”
Must find information about the disease (options)
- Obsidian Order Library
- Leader in Roafort: Reece O’Hannon (at the wedding)
- Search library for information: Investigation DC 15 -  DC20 reveals spiders – DC25 reveals underdark
- Talk to Elion Keldan at “The Red Rook”  He is an Elf and is aware of a very rare alchemical formula that may work to        cure the disease.  It requires Short-Stem Staghorn Cap: Fungus found in dark, wet locations, usually near the mountains and forests.  Should try the mountains to the north-west of Faehodin.
120 miles away
Fast: 4 mph / 30 miles per day
Normal 3 mph / 24 miles per day
Slow 2 mph / 18 miles per day
Random Encounters:
Prairie: 1x bandit captain, 8x bandits
Forest: 2x Owlbear
Forest: 2x Displacer beasts (possibly 3?)
Forest near mountains: Trolls + Dire wolf
Obsidian Order:
Leader: Reece O’Hannon
Called in for the Lady Craxton disease issue
Offered help to PC’s, but it is still limited to their rules
Offered to research in Library
Library is restricted to Obsidian Order members only
Curator of the “Chamber of Refinement”
Nameless, non-speaking monk will help
Told to let him know what materials they require
Retrieves to be read at a table
Must be quiet
Investigation check of books:
DC15 – Mushrooms
DC17 – Short-Stem Staghorn Cap
DC19 – In very moist caves
DC22 – Near very deep shafts
Will need to speak to Elion Keldan at “The Red Hook”.  Elf, in contact with other alchemist.
Refinement of the very rare “Short-stem staghorn cap” fungi.
Found in caves with deep fissures
Best place to look would be north, where the mountains meet the forest.
Travel Pace (Destination 120 miles away):
Fast: 4mph / 30 miles per day
Normal: 3 mph / 24 miles per day
Slow: 2 mph / 18 miles per day
Encounters:
Owlbears
Spiders
Hidden Valley – Dinosaurs:
Velociraptors
T-Rex
There were several things they saw and the way and a few fights, but the notable things were:
A wizard was in the forest with 7 canaries circling above his head.
There was a cave that was under the mountain for a good distance.  On the other side was like the land before time.  There were mountians surrounding a dense jungle with dinosaur sounds coming from everywhere.  Some exploration found many dinosaurs including T-Rex.  The party fled this area in search for the mushroom cave.
In the mushroom cave, there was a huge abyss of a drop off at the end of the cave.  It was like a massive split in the earth with no bottom.  As they were collecting the mushrooms, a Beholder was seen rising out of the cave.  Mere decided to take a little more time to get mushrooms while the rest of the party started dashing around the corner back to the entrance.  Mere was targeted by the beholder, but Grax sacrificed himself to get mere out of there.  Grax was disconcerted and Mere survived with the mushrooms.
On their return, Mere has a dream of a mountain sized fire elemental that destroyed a mountain in a storm of lava.  Mere confronted it and in his dream fell as the mountain exploded.  Mere woke to the ground shaking as a far away earthquake happened at that very moment.
After 2 days, Mere dream.
If they arrive in Faehodin:  They are ambushed in the forest by elf guards to the city.  They are on heightened alert.
If they arrive in Roafort: The city is on lockdown.  There is damage in the city from the earthquake, but it is not too bad.
War
Yesterday, the Zrelian Dynasty made a full fledged attack on the Stammont Kingdom.
Attack on Darkshore, naval battle ensued.  Actively fighting in Tomb Bay
Ground troops attacked Nortown to the northeast and sacked Sargues to the north.
Somehow Zrelia found out how to sail through the “Tempest Fury” in “The Far Reach” to attack from the north.
Admiral Craxton and General Hagen are no longer in the city.
Disease:
There were more “infections” in the city.  All of those who turned into monsters were killed and their bodies burned.  Those who were infected were burned alive in a hasty decision to stop the spread of the disease.
Allie Craxton, Vicecount Owen McDonell, Vicecountess Eimear McDonnel, and Vicecount Patrick Henchy all still remain in quarantine.
The party is free to do what they want, but they have the mushrooms for the cure.
Rumors sheet.
After the return,
Session 6 – Festival and trouble
1st day of Nogule:  Jorus day festival in Roafort.
Players took in a bit of the festival including the bottomless tankard and steak on a stick.  They then went to the Arena and watched some battles including one between 2 Gladiators.  Flavius bet on one, which happened to be the loosing one.  Manius Vipstanus Noster vs Tullus Plinius Opilion.  Mere tried to do natures Tranquility on Tullus after having his Right arm cut off.  It failed and he lived.  Tullus now is not happy with this random guy from the audience and will probably serve his revenge.
Characters all bought horses and got outfitted for travel.
Ronan searched for herbs for the herbalism kit to make healing potions and ended up finding 9 basic potions worth.
Then ended up in Toufort where the are staying at the Bronze Rose Inn.  The characters did their own thing to try to figure out where Finnius Flax was.
Toufort – Flavius being arrested.
Flavius in an effort to find out where Finnius Flax was, spoke with town Guard Bruno.  He name dropped General Zacharias Rothschild.  The guard didn’t believe him.
While in the pub, he told the bartender that they were on a mission to find slavers as directed by the Crimson Guard.  This led to the bartender telling a fellow worker to go get the guards.
The man left the bar only to be grabbed by Flavius.  He yelled for the guards and Bruno was already there since he was following the pair because of Fiadh being a half orc.
After being arrested, he tried to boss around the Captain of the guard and was arrested and put into a cell.
Greagior forged documents that they were are on a mission by Baron Justin Anworth (Roafort Crimson Guard captain).  He was able to convince Rob Boan (Toufort captain of the guard) to let Flavius go.
While being released, Flavius started to shoot his mouth off and Rob went to put him back in the cell.  Flavius avoided being pushed into the cell and slipped by him.
At this point Flavius is just outside the cell, Greagoir is right there and the captain just called for other guards to assist him.
Jail break:
People:
Finnius Flax: Rouge with the information
Rob Boan: Captain of the guard
Bruno Davila: Guard Flavius spoke to
Other guards: Galez Farina, Filipe Cancio, Andrew Lally, Michal Purcell (Asleep)
Bernaldo Sardinas (wife Ovidia): Governor
Magistrate: Henry Jordan
Lord Freddie Hagen: General of the 1st Army
Baron Alan Neylan: Roafort Crimson Guard Captain
There are 3 territories in the Stammont Kingdom: Leister, Collacht, and Munster - You have interacted with the Royal court of the Leister Territory.
You guys do know the capital city (where the king resides) is Collimar. Presumably, there is some system in place to ensure Collimars (and the Kings) control over the territories.
Action:
Choice: Fight or give up
Fight: 3 - CR 1/8 guards, 1 - CR 4 captain.  If they fight and kill they have to run.  If they stop, anyone fighting will be arrested.
Give up:  Boan will say to Flavius: “Do you want the Noose?  This isn’t Leister, this is Collacht!  You will treat your guard with respect!”  Flavius will need to spend the night in jail and go in front of the Magistrate the next day at 1 PM.  Any attempt to ask to let him go will be a firm “NO, he will see the magistrate!”  Lets let things cool off.  Any attempt at persuasion will be at disadvantage with a high DC.
Next day:
The next morning the town is a flurry of activity.  In front of the building attached to the jail there is a group of people all working.  They are setting up chairs, a stage, podium and are building something out of wood.  It is apparent that the whole town is chipping in to assist with the effort.  Flavius is harassed by the guards.
What would you guys like to do for the time leading up to the trial?
Fiadhs’ meeting with Finnius Flax is at 10-11 AM at the Bronze Rose Inn’s Tavern.
Finnius Meeting (voice like Littlefinger – Game of Thrones)(Male Drow):
Apologize for the men taking her money.  They were just taking advantage of the situation.
People around here hate anything that reminds them of Orcs.  I get the same shit because of the color of my skin.  At least in town here it is not so bad anymore.
Tell the story of the attack and kidnapping:
Was traveling a few months ago with 2 companions and 2 strangers.
Their cart was ambushed at night on their way from Roafort from Toufort.
The leader of this group was a well dressed man traveling with a well dressed woman.  They never left their black and red cart.  They had their men attack the group.
A dark skinned Dwarf who was traveling put up quite a fight.  The man appeared in front of him out of no where, muttered some words, and the Dwarf stopped fighting.
Everyone was put in cages on carts and were brought away.
I was able to escape from my cage when the guards were not looking, jumped off the cart, and headed home. (If pressed, he had lockpick tools)
They were headed north towards the swamp.
This group is really powerful.  The man has potent mind control magic.  Are you sure you can handle them?
Anything else people want to do before the trial?
As 1PM approaches, the people of the town start to migrate over to the center of town.  The work of the morning is complete and the time for the trial has come.
Flavius, you hear clomping feet come down the stairway to the jail.  It is the captain of the guard and three guards.  The captain says “approach the door. Reach out your hands”.  He is carrying a set of irons. He will reach through the door to put them on Flavius.  If Flavius resists, he will open the door and the guards will force the issue.  The door at the top of the stairs is barred from the outside with a guard on the other side of the door.
You are brought out of the jail and into the bright cloudless day.  There a group of people await your arrival.  As you are brought to the right, you see people sitting on chairs and a stage with a podium, a single chair with irons, and a gallows.  As you are brough onto the stage, the crowd applauds and jeers you.  Once on stage, you are brought to the chair and leg irons on put on you that attach to the chair.
Shortly after, a bell resounds through the village and a man exits the building.  He is an older human with wrinkled white skin, and a horseshoe hairline of nearly white hair.  He is wearing a flowing silk crimson robe with a pronounced white collar.  He ascends the stage and stands at the podium.
Magistrate (Henry Jordan)(voice old man, but regal):
“For those of you who are new to town, my name is Henry Jordan.  I am the Magistrate of Toufort and responsible for determining the guilt and punishment of those who have broken the law.  We are here today to ascertain the guilt of this individual of the Kingdom Flavius Stillicho who upon entering the town caused problems for the guards.
The charges are as follows:
Impersonating a Royal Crimson Guard
Disturbing the peace
Resisting arrest
Failure to follow a lawful order of the Royal Crimson Guard
And attempted escape
I understand from Mr. Boan that your group has been assigned a task by Lord Neylan to find Slavers.  While asking around town the accused did present himself in league with the Crimson Guard. Furthermore, he disrupted the Crimson Guard and the village of Toufort.  Finally, you were failed to follow the direct command of the Captain Boan, attempting to resist arrest and escape from the jail.
DEPENDING ON WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE ESCAPE, ADD CHARGES.
Do you deny these charges, what do you have to say in your own defense?  TO FLAVIUS - RESPOND
If he denies, they bring in the bartender as a witness AND captain Boan.  Lying is addressed as well.
If no deny, continue.
The Magistrate motions towards Boan, May I please see the document from Lord Neylan?  Show document.  Very well.  Thank you.
As is tradition, does anyone have anything to say about this matter?
Finnius Flax (Littlefinger voice): Mr. Jordan, this morning I met with one of the compatriots of Flavius.  She told me that they are in search for the group who has been attacking our transport and taking people for who knows what purposes…possibly slaving.  I think that it is in the best interest of the town to allow them to complete their task.
Demnamli Orcarm (Male Dwarf): Not 3 weeks ago, a transport of iron ingots coming from Thrail was hijacked.  I needed these ingots to make all of the iron items that keeps this town running.  I personally have had enough of this group of bandits and think we need to stop them.  If this group wants to risk their lives, let them do it.  Being a man short means they will be less likely to remove these pests from our roads.
Soren Bizdok (Male Human, The Hill Pub): This man came into my tavern and disrupted our evening.  He seems to think he can say whatever he wants, claim that he is in league with the Crimson Guard, and push his way around.  I think that he should be held accountable for his actions.
Inye has an opportunity to speak
The group has an opportunity to speak
PERSUASION CHECKS – Sleight of hand if magic is attempted
Pass: Says that she expects that you respect the station of the Lord who sent you on this mission.  Your actions directly reflect on him, the Leister territory, Roafort and the Kingdom.  You will need to apologize to all involved and you will be released with a deferred judgement.  The list of charges with deferred judgement will be sent across the Kingdom.  If further crimes are committed, the charges here today will be reinstated to be added to any future charges.  You may release him.
Fail: Given the circumstances, I rule that it is in the towns best interest to defer judgement on this matter.  I will allow the temporary release of this individual so that he may assist in taking down this group of bandits.  I also need to confer with Lord Neylan and see how he would like me to proceed.  In the meantime, you will be released.  Upon completion of the task, you are to return to Toufort to deliver the results.  At that time, I will make a final judgement on this case.
“I have heard some impassioned pleas from the public to abolish this bandit group.  The Crimson Guard here in Toufort does not have the resources to solve it themselves and our please to Collimar have gone unanswered.  Given this, I would ask that all of you gather up any items that might be of help to this group and bring them here at 4PM this afternoon.  This group can then see if anything you offer will help them achieve their goal.
Flavius Stillicho, I provide you with this warning: should you commit any other crimes within the Kingdom, the punishment will be swift and harsh.”   With that, we are adjourned.
The crowd has a mixed reaction some cheers and some jeers.
Blacksmith Demnamli Orcarm approaches the group: “Follow me to my shop.  I might have a thing or two that will help you straight away.  Quite frankly I don’t want to have to carry all of this iron back here to show you what I have.
While in his shop, you notice 2 framed items hanging on the wall.  One is a very ornate dagger, and the other is an equally ornate set of studded leather armor with inset gems.
Revenge – If pressed Demnamli Orcarm (Dwarf Smith) will tell a story of his family.  There has been a family feud between the Orcarm family and the Oakentoe family.  He left when the Oakentoe family burned down the family forge he was working in.
Offer:  Publicly embarrass their family (In Thrail).  Dagger of returning (which he has on the wall) + dagger, returns to thrower (Gold & Silver inlay, Opal)
Bring their family to ruins: Dagger of returning  + Armor
FREE ITEMS:
Blacksmith:
Sack of ball bearings, Crowbar, Grappling hook, Manacles, Iron spikes(10), Pitons (20), Caltrops (bag of 20)
Later offered by the town:
4 potions of healing, 1 greater
Scroll of Spider climb
Potion of hill giant strength
Potion of growth
Various simple weapons
Journey to the swamp:
Season:
Fall (Jorus)   Nogule (14), Cooling weather, more rain and the start of snow
Yant (14), Getting cold merging into winter, Freezing rain, snow, occasional blizzard
Weather Next 10 days:
Nogule 7 – 5pm: It’s a Calm, Cool, Dry day and evening
Nogule 8: Cool, Windy day Sprinkling on and off all day
Nogule 9: Cold, Windy day, Light Flurries all day
Nogule 10: Cold, Windy day, Snowing All day
Nogule 11: Cool, Very Windy Day, Mid-day Hail
Nogule 12: Cool, Windy Day, Raining all day
Nogule 13: Comfortable, Breezy Day, Raining on and off
Nogule 14: Comfortable, windy Day, Sprinkling all day
Yant 1: Cool, Windy, All day raining
Yant 2: cool, Windy all day, Dry
Traveling:
Toufort to Elliswich Quag:
Asking around town of the fastest way to the Quag: Shortest path is following the road west of the river: 50 miles.  Enter Quag at edge, no camp
Finnius, if asked, will tell the party the path the he was on, and where he was taken.  they need to travel west 50 miles, then north 50 miles.  Enter quag at Crossing Camp following the forest line to the west.
Travel Pace:
Horse:     Slow 2mph (18 miles per day)
Normal: 3mph (24 miles per day)
Fast: 4 mph (30 miles per day) ANIMAL HANDLING
Walking: Slow 1mph (12 miles per day)
Normal: 2 mph (18 miles per day)
Fast: 3 mph (24 miles per day) CON SAVE or exhaustion
Within the quag: Survival checks when not on a path.  Wisdom at crossroads to get a feeling for the way if known.
The roads are not maintained.  Rain makes them difficult terrain and slows travel
Sometimes difficult to distinguish main path from other random paths in swamp
Some paths are under water
Blizzard or deep snow makes for difficult terrain and slows travel.
Survival checks every hour in a Blizzard.  Random direction, may encounter different terrain when off road
WIS & Survival DCs
Easy
Medium
Hard
Very Hard
Impossible
Slow:
5
10
15
20
25
Normal:
7
12
17
22
27
Fast:
10
15
20
25
30
Random Encounters:
On Path: 10% chance - 1d100: 1-10 have an encounter
Off Path: 25% chance - 1d100: 1-25 have an encounter
Far Off Path: 40% chance – 1d100: 1-40 have an encounter
Near Ruins or caves: 60% chance – 1d100: 1-60 have an encounter
CR ¼
CR 1-2
CR 3-4
CR 4-5
CR 6-7
CR 8+
Bullywug
Yuan-ti Purebld
Yuan-ti malison
Troll
Y Black Dragon
A Black Dragon
Mud Mephit
Ogre
Green Hag
Green Hag coven
Yuan-ti abominat
Winged Kobold
Orc Eye of ….
Shadow Mastiff
PREPARED MAPS
Swamp Footprint (Titan)
Swamp Ogres (Night)
Swamp Titan Remain
Infernal Labyrinth
Elliswich Map
Swamp Gators
Beggar’s Hole Problem
Swamp Extra
Swamp Extra 2
Hag Treehouse
Swamp Base
Ruins & Ruins Dungeon
While in the swamp, they randomly came across some ruins:
Spirit Ruins
Approach:
After 4 miles of difficult travel in the swamp, you see some a foggy area through the thick swamp trees. As you approach…
“The fog swirls in an unusual way throughout the area.  Wind seems to have no effect on the fog as it floats 4 feet off the ground.  The swamp has completely taken over the area and thick vines cover everything in the area.  Walking in a mix of squishy ground, mud, and green swamp water, you see grave stones to the left.  The stones look extremely old and worn by time.  A large rotting tree has fallen, mostly blocking the obscured path.”  LOAD MAP SPIRT RUIINS
Lore:
Dates range: 307 PB –125 PB (Dates on Gravestones: 2,193 – 2,375)
History:
Prior to the Stammont’s taking control of the land and forming the kingdom
Part of Zrelia, but also at the time of the Zrelian abandonment
During the time of the Titan Wars
Date system was starting from year 1,   2,500 years pre Magi-Bane
During this time, the world was at the height of magical power.  Much more prevalent than today.
This graveyard was made prior to the swamp.  At the end of the titan wars, the river bank was broken, causing the swamp.  The graveyard was abandoned.
Residual protection magic (appears as a mix of Abjuration and Conjuration magic) protects the graveyard.
Post Magi-Bane, when the magic was removed and then restored, the old magic no longer worked as designed.  This caused the bodies to become undead.
Everything in the graveyard is in a perpetual cycle of death & life.  life in the graveyard resets after 2d4 days.
DC 16 Perception (or flying above): You notice on the East side of the road, there is an old path that is nearly completely hidden by the swamp.  (IF FLYING: to the East are some ruins heavily overgrown by the swamp.
Cemetery
Area 1: Initial Gravestones
If the players inspect the gravestones: 4 Ghouls CR1 – 1,200XP.
It is impossible to make out any detail in the gravestones as they have been completed worn away.  Investigation 10 reveals that there has been digging here, but it is heavily overgrown at this point so it must have been a long time in the past.
Area 2: Graveyard
“Once you find a path past the fallen tree, you see a graveyard with stone markers and raised tombs.  Some of the tombs are broken and sunken into the swamp.  There are a total of 19 visible graves in various states of decay.”
If the players inspect or interact with the gravestones: Remnants of others. 9 Ghouls CR1 – 3,600 XP
“As you approach the graves, you see a hand reach out of the water next to a gravestone.  The sound of stone lids shifting can be heard all around you.”
Investigation 8 of the graves reveals the treasure and several gravestones. HANDOUT SPIRIT RUINS: VARIOUS GRAVESTONES.  Possible History, Arcana, or Nature checks included there.
Treasure: A scrap of cloth from an old banner, Feathered Belt (25 gp), 2,500 cp
Area 2.1: Overgrown & Destroyed Sarcophagi
“Peering through the trees, you see a large pool of water with destroyed grave markers and Sarcophagi crumbled into stones and bricks.  The water in front of you looks quite deep.  A smell of Carrion hangs in the air.  You get a waft of the putrid smell to your left.”
SHOW HANDOUT BROKEN TOMBS
There is nothing to find here.  All text is removed with time.  Everything is either collapsed or sunken into the swamp.
Area 3: Overgrown courtyard
“You make your way through a particularly thick area of the swamp towards the smell.  You stand in a courtyard that likely was quite beautiful at once, but the decay and overgrowth has made this once beautiful place a visage of corruption.  A 10 foot diameter pool resides in the middle of the courtyard.  The pool reeks of rotting flesh.  There are stairs leading straight, left, and to the right.  Forward is a large Mausoleum with a completely collapsed roof, but the walls still stand.  To the left is a large tomb that is open to the swamp.  Up the stairs to the right is a strange looking large series of stones that have the likeness of a strange looking creature.  The area around it is devoid of life and is the only clear area of the swamp.”
If the characters interact with the pool, a Spirit Naga CR8 – 1,950 Adjusted XP will come out of the pool.
If the characters dive in the pool, they will find rotting, waterlogged dead bodies 30 feet down at the bottom of the pool.  An Investigation 10 reveals the treasure.
Treasure: Coin Pouch of the Unburdened Merchant (Uncommon) (with 175 gp inside)
Area 4: Large Tomb
“You see a large Tomb with a thick walls that still stand. The roof has collapsed long ago and nature is starting to take hold here.  There is a large central Tomb in the center of the room that is plated in gold with a large dragon sculpture sitting above the back of the Tomb.  2 open stone sarcophagi reside against the back wall of the room.”
The characters can open the Tomb with a Strength (athletics) check of 18.  When opened, it reveals stairs and the group is immediately surprised by a FlameSkull CR4 – 1,950 Adjusted XP.
Area 5: Collapsed Mausoleum.
“Long rotting tree branches and trunks blanket the area inside this Mausoleum.  The exterior walls have started to collapse, and the interior walls that once made up the interior of this space have long ago fallen and become part of the swamp.  Wrapped corpses are scatter about the water and growth.”
As the characters enter this area, 3 Ghasts CR2 – 2,025 Adjusted XP emerge from the water and attack.  Digging through the wrapped bodies and in the swamp water with an Investigation 12 check reveals the treasure.
Treasure: Ceramic Puzzle Box (25 gp), A silver brooch of a raven (10 gp), 8,250 cp,1,822 sp
Area 6: Stone creature remains.
“ As you walk up the stairs, the swamp gives way to an area of dead vegetation.  There is large broken stone area in the shape of a huge tentacled creature.  To the left are extremely aged ruins that are difficult to distinguish for the overgrowth around it.”
If the characters did not inspect the pool, when they enter this area the Spirit Naga CR8 – 3,900 Adjusted XP will come out of the pool and attack.
Treasure: None, but they can take a piece of rock from the creature if they wish.
Nature or monster lore 22 reveals that the stone creature was a Sargatus, a long extinct huge octopus-like serpent creature.
Area 7: Ancient Temple remnants.
“The remains of a temple have sunken into the swamp water and plant growth has nearly completely covered the former temple ruins.  Green bubbles come to the surface of the water before popping, spreading the algae in the water.”
As the characters enter this area, 4 Putrid Haunts. CR 2 - 450 Adjusted XP come out of the water where the bubbles were coming out of the water.
Investigation 12 digging into the swamp water reveals the treasure.
Treasure: A brass ring that never tarnishes, Pewter Necklace (25 gp), 9,750 cp, 120 sp
Tomb of the Ancestors
Once the flameskull has been killed, the characters can descent the stairs into the Crypt.
“As you descent the stairs into the crypt, a strong smell of rot and decay hits you.  At the bottom of the stairs, you find yourself in 1 foot of water.  The crypt seems well build, but unable to withstand the water seeping in from the swamp above.  You find yourself at a Y with a door to your left and a door to your right.”
Area 1 (Left): 6 Tombs
“As you open the door, you see 6 stone tombs against the walls in this room.  Just then, you see as the a stone lid shifts.  A skinless boned hand reaches up and pushes the cover onto the floor.  The other 5 lids to the tombs break in the middle and fall to the ground.  6 skeletal creatures jump out of the tombs and attack.”
The characters are attacked by 6 Skeletons – CR 1 – 450 Adjusted XP
Investigation 8 reveals 5 unusual looking bottles with a red liquid inside and the coins.
Treasure: 5 x Potions of Life Essence (uncommon), 11,000 cp, 388 sp
Area 2 (Right): 4 Tombs – Entrance
“2 tombs sit on either side of the room.  As you enter 4 spectral entities emerge from the stone.“
The characters are attacked by 4 Poltergeists – CR 2 – 2,700 Adjusted XP
Treasure: Amber Necklace (100 gp), Silk Sash trimmed with Fox Fur (25 gp), 1,300 sp, 234 gp
Area 3: 4 Tombs – Gallary
“You enter a large room with a vaulted ceiling.  4 tombs sit, 1 per corner.  There is a door on each wall including the one you just entered the room from.  As you walk into the room, 3 of the lids are pushed off and 3 skeletons emerge and attack. “
After players attack:
“A spectral form shifts through the stone of the 4th tomb.  In a flash, it moves across the room and enters ~the nearest character~, make a Charisma Saving throw (DC 13).”  A ghost emerges.
DC 11 Investigation check reveals the treasure.  DC 15 reveals the secret passage.  Ronan notices it if the active checks do not find it.
“As you look at the far right tomb, you notice a small uniform crack in the wall that appears that it may be a doorway.”  The players need to pull the tomb along the wall to open the doorway to area s6.
Treasure: Jade (100 gp), Leather Belt with Copper Buckle (25 gp), 378 gp
Area 4: 1 Tomb – Lone chamber
“A large solitary tomb sits centered in the room. A beautiful carving of an armored man appears on the cover.“
If the players remove the lid, they are attacked by a Sword Wraith Commander – CR 8 – 1,950 Adjusted XP
Inside the tomb they find an unusual tube, a pearl, and a pouch of money.
Treasure: Numat’s Trick Tube (Uncommon), Pensive Vial, Pearl (100 gp), 441 gp
Area 5: 4 Tombs – Side Chamber
“You enter a smaller octagon shaped room with a vaulted ceiling.  3 tombs sit, 1 per corner.  3 skeletons and a ghost emerge from the tombs.”
The players are attacked by 3 skeletons and 1 ghost. XP Adjusted 1,875
Treasure: Small Vial of Perfume (25 gp), Amethyst (100 gp), 1,711 sp, 46 gp
Secret Area s6: 3 Tombs – Hidden Chamber 1
“A small 5 foot passageway opens up to a small room contain ornately decorated tombs with gold inlay.“
If the characters open 1 of the tombs, Banshees emerge from both tombs.
Treasure: Bow of the Eldritch Archer (Rare-Requires attunement), 290 gp, 21 pp
Area 7: (If it seems too easy, pop out the will-o-whisps): 2 Tombs
“As you open the door, you see a set of stairs that lead down.  There are tombs inset into the walls on each side of long room.  At the far end there are stairs to the left leading up and to the right stairs leading down.  As you walk down the stairs, you find yourself in waist deep water.  The tombs tops just sticking out of the water.“  Investigation 15 reveals a secret path behind one of the tombs.  Ronan notices if not.
If it is to long or too hard just give them the treasure, if not 2 Will-o-whisps attack CR2 – 900 Adjusted XP
Treasure: Diamond (300 gp), 459 gp, 34 pp
Area 8: 1 Huge Tomb – The Spellcaster
“The stairs to the left lead up to a door.  The water level again is only 1 foot deep.  A massive tomb resides in this long room.  The carving on the tomb shows that of a man with an aura surrounding him.“
If the players open the tomb they see a skeletal form clutching a book.  As they reach for the book read:
“The skeletal figure opens its eyes revealing a blue-green glow, he reaches his hand to the air and a spectral blue aura covers his body.  He says “you have disturbed the wrong person boy!”
A Deathlock Mastermind emerges and attacks  CR 8 1,950 Adjusted XP
Treasure: Abrakary Spellbook, 780 gp, 51 pp
Area 9: Arcadian Pool.  This pool is a portal to the plane of Arcadia.  It is protected by a Deva from any Evil or Living creature from entering it. If the Deva is engaged in combat, he calls for assistance.  In 2 rounds, a Planetar arrives.
“As you open the door, you immediately notice that the water does not enter this room.  It is somehow stopped as though it were against an invisible wall.  A shimmering orangeish-yellow color lights the room.”  They walk in.
“You see slowly shifting pool of orangish-yellow light. You smell a slight smell of fresh pine while near the pool.“  If they touch the pool:
“As touch the surface, your hand penetrates the barrier.  The pool begins to shine brighter and then bright, almost blinding flash!  You feel a jolt of energy enter your arm and throw you back 10 feet.  You see a golden mace pierce the surface of the water.  A man with silver skin emerges from the pool.  His muscular with white glowing eyes and a set of white feathered wings that span 15 feet.  He hovers in place above the pool.”
“You may not enter.  The way is shut to those who live.”
If a character has died: They may make a Persuasion check DC 12 to ask the Deva to bring them back to life.  If they mention the destroying the undead, the Deva will provide their request by casting raise dead.  If more than 1 are dead, he will call a Planetar to assist. “Large muscle bound man with blue-green skin, 25 foot wing span holding a huge silver greatsword emerges from the portal.”
If they ask questions: He will reveal that his name is Hayliel.  He is the protector of this portal to Arcadia.
“This portal was made long ago in the height of magical power as a way for the dead in this tomb to transition to Arcadia.  Since the breaking of magic, its power has become unstable, causing a repeated cycle of undeath in the area.  I prevent the undead from shifting into the realm of Arcadia.”
If asked to help stop this unstable magic: “It is not my prevue to cleanse the mortal realm.  My charge is singular.  Please leave this room and seal the door behind you.”
Secret Area s10: 1 Tombs – Hidden Chamber 2
“A small 5 foot passageway opens up to a small room contain ornately decorated tombs with gold inlay.“
If the characters open 1 of the tombs, Banshees emerge from both tombs.
Treasure: Band of Mirrored Essence (Rare), 1,250 gp, 104 pp
Treasure Totals:
Cemetery
CP
SP
GP
PP
Area 1
NOTHING
Area 2
A scrap of cloth from an old banner, Feathered Belt (25 gp)
2,500
Area 3
Coin Pouch of the Unburdened Merchant (with 175 gp inside -Uncommon
175
Area 4
NOTHING
Area 5
Ceramic Puzzle Box (25 gp), A silver brooch of a raven (10 gp)
8,250
1,822
Area 6
NOTHING
Area 7
A brass ring that never tarnishes, Pewter Necklace (25 gp)
9,750
120
Tomb
Area 1
5 x Potions of Life Essence (uncommon)
11,000
388
Area 2
Amber (100 gp), Silk Sash trimmed with Fox Fur (25 gp)
1,300
234
Area 3
Jade (100 gp), Leather Belt with Copper Buckle (25 gp)
378
Area 4
Numat’s Trick Tube (Uncommon), Pensive Vial, Pearl (100 gp)
441
Area 5
Small Vial of Perfume (25 gp), Amethyst (100 gp)
1,711
46
Area s6
Bow of the Eldritch Archer (Rare-Requires attunement)
290
21
Area 7
Diamond (300 gp)
459
34
Area 8
Abrakary Spellbook.
780
51
Area 9
NOTHING
Area s10
Band of Mirrored Essence (Rare)
1,250
104
31,500
5,340
4,054
210
Gold Value:
315
534
4,054
2,100
Total Per person:
4,500
763
579
30
Total GP
Gp/PC
7,000
1,000
Abrakary spellbook:
This is an ancient spell book containing spells from a forgotten school of magic called Abrakary.  A Wizard may scribe these spells in their spell book and attempt to cast the spell.  The magic of Abrakary is unstable and has a 5% chance of having unexpected results.  Roll 1d20 when you cast a spell.  One a 1, roll 1d100 and consult the Erratic Magic table.  The rolled result takes effect. (table included below).
Chicanerous Semblance
1st Level Abrakary
Casting Time: 1 bonus action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V, S
Duration: 1 minute
As an action, you create a perfect illusion of yourself that lasts for 1 minute, or until you lose your concentration (as if you were concentrating on a spell). The illusion appears in an unoccupied space that you can see within 30 feet of you. As a bonus action on your turn, you can move the illusion up to 30 feet to a space you can see, but it must remain within 120 feet of you.
For the duration, you can cast spells as though you were in the illusion’s space, but you must use your own senses. Additionally, when both you and your illusion are within 5 feet of a creature that can see the illusion, you have advantage on attack rolls against that creature, given how distracting the illusion is to the target.
Pensive Dissolution (Ritual)
1st Level Abrakary
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M (A vial containing pure water)
Duration: 1 minute (memory strand until dispelled)
As part of casting this spell, you shed a single tear. The tear contains a single memory up to 5 minutes in duration and transforms it into a tangible string of glowing energy which can be placed in a vial filled with pure water.  The strand persists until dispelled.  You can attempt to cast this spell on a creature who must make a Wisdom saving throw to resist shedding the memory tear.  The creature must be alive or have died within the last 1 minute.  On a failed save the creature sheds a surface memory in the tear.
The memory tear appears as a tiny, weightless, slowly moving white strand while in liquid.  As an action, you can cast this spell again while pouring the vial into a container of pure water.  Anyone dipping their face into the water experiences the memory as if they were an observer.  The memory may then be gathered and put back into the vial.
If you are concentrating on a spell such as detect thoughts when you cast this spell on another creature, you can extract a specific memory from that creature if they failed their save against detect thoughts.  Additionally, a creature who is under the extraction of the deeper level of detect thoughts automatically fails its save against this spell.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell at 4th level as an action rather than a ritual, you simultaneously cast the detect thoughts spell with this spell.  The target must make a Wisdom save or fail the deep probe portion of that spell and shed a memory tear of the memory you designate.
Replenishment (Ritual)
2nd Level Abrakary
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M (any container up to 1 cubic foot filled with food* or drink*)
Duration: 8 hours
You touch a container that contains food or drink.  The food or drink placed in the container is consumed as part of the spell casting, but reappears in the container instantaneously.  For the duration, an unlimited amount of food or drink can be consumed from the container.  It produces that same quantity of food or drink that was placed in the container every 6 seconds.  When the spell ends, any food or drink that has not been consumed magically disappears and the container is a clean and empty.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a 3rd level slot, the duration increases to 24 hours.  When you cast this spell using a 5th level slot, the duration increases to 1 week.
(* a quantity of food or drink that is consumed by the casting of the spell)
Steadfast Object
3rd Level Abrakary
Casting Time: 1 minute
Range: Touch
Components: V, M (any object up to 10 cubic feet)
Duration: 1 hour
You touch an object no larger than 10 cubic feet, which causes it to become magically fixed in place.  Until the duration ends, it is dispelled, or you end the spell as an action, the object doesn’t move, even if it is defying gravity.  The object can hold up to 8,000 pounds of weight.  More weight causes the object to deactivate and fall.  A creature can use an action to make a DC 30 Strength check, moving the fixed object up to 10 feet on a success.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell at 4th level, the duration extends to 8 hours.  At 5th level, the duration extends to 1 day.  At 6th level, the duration extends to 10 days.  At 7th level the duration extends to 1 year.  At 8th level the duration extends to "until dispelled".
Planar Void
4th Level Abrakary
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 150 feet
Components: V, S, M (a pinch of meteorite dust)
Duration: Instantaneous
A streak of energy devoid of all light shoots forth from your finger to a point you choose within range and it instantly expands into a temporary rift to the void.  Each creature in a 20-foot-radius sphere centered on that point must make a Dexterity saving throw.  A target takes 8d6 force damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
The void spreads encompass all areas within the sphere, including around corners. Creatures who fail their save have their speed become 0 until the start of the caster’s next turn.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 5th level or higher, the damage increases by 1d6 for each slot level above 4th level.
Erratic Magic Table (in roll20 and Asceveron folder)
They finally made it to Beggars Hole:
Beggar’s Hole
Approach:
As the party heads down the road, they see that in front of them the road ends in swampwater covered in thick thorned plants.  If they do an investigation DC 17, or interact with the illusion, they see through the illusion.  Once seen, it is still vaguely visible, but they can see the road and the normal terrain.
As they continue down the road, they are eventually stopped by 5 Bugbears in the middle of the path.  Once stopped, they will soon become aware that there is a mix of about 50 armed creatures surrounding them who have camouflaged boards the step out from behind.  The group is a mix of Bugbears, Half-Orcs, Orcs, Goblin Archers, and Lizardmen.
The exit will be blocked by 10 creatures.  The main Bugbear says to Fiadh: “Are these humans causing you problems?”
They are asked to put their weapons on the cart and walk with a group of 20 ahead of the cart.  They are told they will not be harmed if they comply.
They are brought to the swamp village with buildings and walkways all raised from the swamp.  They see a variety of creatures walking around the village: Bugbear, Orc, Hal-Orc, Goblin, Hobgoblin, Lizardmen, Drow, Duergar, Yuan-ti, and Gith.
They are brought to a large building on the edge of the village.  The cart is left just outside the village on the road, next to other carts.  2 guards stand at the cart.
As their eyes adjust to the dim light inside the building, they find themselves in an open room with 1 door on the far end.  One of the guards goes to the room and a few moments later, a Male Githzerai, a Male Cuergar, and a Male Firbolg enter the room and take a seat at the 3 chairs at the head of the room.
This is the Free Village of Beggar’s Hole.  We apologize for the inconvenience are guards have caused you in your travels.  You have made it past our defenses, and are therefore risking our secrecy and security.  You will be allowed to gather your items, freely roam the village, and leave as you desire….but first, we must complete a ceremony.  Let us start by breaking bread together.
They are brought to a dining room and the 3 leading members take their seats and offer the group to sit.  They are treated to a very nice meal and allowed to ask any questions.  The food is excellent. They have consumed a large amount of dust of deliciousness and have disadvantage on Wisdom saves for 1 hour.  After the meal, they are led back to the main chamber.  Any check to determine if the meal has been tampered with requires a DC 25 check.
They are told about the problem in the city and are asked if they are able fighters.  They are asked if they can help and maybe find a way to prevent the creature from going under the mud before it is killed.  Offered reward of a map of the quag and 2200 gold and 1400 gold in gems.
Humans in general are not very welcome here.  Fiadh is made to feel very welcome.
I hope that having a meal together and answering your question has made you feel comfortable here.   This ceremony will ensure that you will be unable to tell others of our location.  No harm will come to you.  Once the ceremony is complete, if you attempt to talk to someone who doesn’t have knowledge of Beggar’s Holes location, you will be unable to recall any details to communicate anything about the village.  You will not permanently forget the information, but you will be unable to reveal even the slightest detail.  If you are within an area where others may overhear your conversation, you again will be unable to speak about the village or its location.  This effect cannot be removed.  Do you consent to undergo this ceremony?
If they consent, a variation on Modify Memory is cast on them via a dream catcher type of item.  If they do not consent, they must make a DC19 Wisdom Save at disadvantage.  If anyone is left that the spell does not effect, the spell is recast on them immediately.  DC 15 arcana to realize that a second spell has been cast.
In Beggers Hole, they found a strange old building in the edge of the swamp.  There a woman resided who offered the group to press their fate.
Fiadh pulled card: got Gems
Greagoir pulled card: took CHA +2
Ronan pulled card: took INT +2
Flavius pulled card: Defeat next enemy
Hag says:  Well it has been an excellent day indeed.  Please stay and we will pick this up where we left off tomorrow.
Over the course of the night as you all drift off to sleep…
Fiadh, Greagoir, Ronan, and Flavius, your dreams are filled with delight, pride, and a sense of accomplishment. You have a pleasant evening experiencing all of the possibilities with your new-found gifts.
Inye:
Inye, as you fall asleep, you find yourself in battle with faceless monster.  You simultaneously strike killing blows on each other as you fall unconscious, bleeding out.  Your awareness strikes out from the void.  You feel warmth in your chest as a red glow starts to emanate from you.  You feel your wounds sealing up and you notice yourself lying there.  A moment later the red glow flashes and disappears as you awake.  You are alive, but just barely.  You notice the dead creature in front of you.
Off in the distance, you see another creature who has just met his gaze with yours.  In the back of your head, you hear a voice say “You must consume it”.  You grab the purple shard and hear “YES”.  You plunge shard into your right hand.  Lines of purple streak beneath the skin of your arm as you feel an energy take root.
Just then the creature jumps towards you.  You reach your hand up an as it is falling down upon you, you touch it with your right hand.  A surge of energy goes of in a purple flash as you feel the life essence of the creature fortify your own.  As the creature falls on top of you, you push its dead, shriveled up body off of you and stand up feeling quite fleshed.
The voice says “We must have this,” as the dream ends and you awaken.
Althinias –
As your consciousness drifts to the darkness, you awaken.  As you look around, you are not in a place you fell asleep.  You find yourself in a kingly bed surrounded by beautiful artwork and furniture in a stone-walled room.  As you get out of bed, you hear a bell ring.  A servant comes into the room and helps you dress.  You exit the room walking through a long corridor as you descent a beautiful marble staircase.  Following the smell of food, you find yourself in the large dining room.  You are served an incredible breakfast.
After breakfast you explore your location and find out that you are the master of a well-appointed keep.  You open a gold-lined door and you see before you a vast room filled with gold, jewels, statues, art, jewelry, and ancient tombs.  As you enter the room, you transform and find yourself swimming in the mounds of gold.  Your vision fades as you awake to find yourself in the room you wend to sleep in.
Mere – As you fall into the darkness, your thoughts are to the woman’s’ offer of Katie to you.  Still foreign to the concept, your mind wanders with what that means.
You awaken in bed in a cottage.  As you look to your side, you see Katie next to you, waking at the same time.  She says “Good morning honey.”  You snuggle with each other and that leads to more.  You experience what it is like to be with a woman for the first time.
After, the two of you head towards the stairs as a young boy and girl, with a lighter shade of blue skin come out of their rooms.  Daddy! They say as they hug you.  The group of you heads down the stairs and have a nice breakfast.
In the back of your head, you hear a voice say “PURPOSE”.  The Ground shakes and you hear a low rumble.  As you all run out of the house, you see as the ground erupts lifting you, the house, and your family high into the air.  You see just for a moment, a massive creature that emerged from the earth right under your house as you, the earth, your house and family flip over and begin to fall. You see Katie and your children floating in the air just before you all slam down on the ground, buried, and dead.  You awake in a sweat yelling “PURPOSE” out to the room.
Several people pulled cards, resulting in some unexpected boons.
The finally found the slavers, where they lost Fidah to them.  It was a difficult battle in the swamp castle.  Lord and Lady Daedril were formidable and Lord Daedril seemed to be a powerful mind-controlling vampire.
Creatures
Finding their way through the swamp, the party will come across many dangerous creatures.  The Black Dragon may only make an appearance if needed as it is quite dangerous for the party.  The Dragon Sense might know that it is in the area.  It would be in the open.  Finding the hoard would be a difficult task as it is in underwater tunnels.
The Elliswich Quag:
Giant Constrictor Snake (3x) CR 2, CP450 + Giant Poisonous Snake (5x), CR 1/4, CP50 – Adjusted: 2,950 XP
Troll (2x), CR 5, Adjusted; 3,600XP
Ogre (4x), CR2, 450XP – Adjusted: 2,700 XP
Young Black Dragon in the Area (1x), CR7, Adjusted: 1,450 XP (Hoard extremely hard to find)
3,207 gp total:
700 cp
5,000 sp
1,400 gp
130 pp
25 gp art objects (×3):
Cloth-of-gold vestments
Copper chalice with silver filigree
Small mirror set in a painted wooden frame
Dearil’s Keep:
Gatehouse: 2x Archer guards.  1 sending stone that goes back to Lord Daeril
Lord Nyx Dearil; CR 9, Custom, 5,000XP Combined Adjusted: 10,000
Lady Violet Dearil; CR 9, Custom, 5,000XP Combined Adjusted: 10,000
Veteran (x3); CR 3, MM 350, Adjusted: 3,150 XP
Archer (x4); CR 3, VGM 210, Adjusted: 4,200 XP
DM Notes
The players will need to get to Toufort where they will find 2 possible paths: 1st day of Nogule 1558
Slavers in the swamp
Drarven Family problems.
This adventure is designed for 6 level 4 characters.
Note how many short/long rests are expected. (See “The Adventuring Day” on DMG 84.)
Travel between Roafort and Toufort will cost
Setup:
Maps:
Swamp 1
Swamp 2
Swamp 3 (night)
Swamp 4
Swamp Base
Slavers Keep (Ground floor)
Audio:
Adventure, Swamp, Tavern, Weather
Storyline
Fiadh learned that Darragh was taken in the middle of the night by a group of slavers.  There is a man named Finnius Flax in Toufort that was also taken but was able to escape his cage.
Toufort is a small village of about 580 people that has a cart stop at the Flying Lady.  It is on the Shimmering River.  The cart continues on to Baycliff or Warmuth
The Mire of Albermer – 25 miles North to South, 25 miles East to West.  30 Miles North of Toufort
Signs written in Thieves’ Cant in the swamp.  Saying turn away or die.
While she was in Baycliff trying to find information about what happened to Darragh, She learned that there is an active group of people who are assaulting travelers.
They got the term slavers from a man named Finnius Flax in Toufort.  He was traveling with some companions when they were attacked.  He was able to narrowly escape the group.  Apparently, they have cages on carts that they take the people in.  These "slavers" are apparently really sadistic.
The next step would be to head to Toufort and speak with Finnius.
Locations
These are the locations the characters are likely to go:
Toufort – Town – Population 583
The Mire of Albermer – Swamp: 30 miles North of Toufort
Dearil’s Keep
Possibilities:
Warmuth
Baycliff
NPCS
List the main NPCs the characters are likely to encounter in this adventure, including villains, and give brief descriptions of them.
Finnus Flax: Male Drow Thief, member of “The Brotherhood” see Toufort Village sheet
Was traveling a few months ago with 2 companions and 2 strangers.
Their cart was ambushed at night on their way from Roafort from Toufort.
The leader of this group was a well dressed man traveling with a well dressed woman.  They never left their black and red cart.  They had their men attack the group.
A dark skinned Dwarf who was traveling put up quite a fight.  The man appeared in front of him out of no where, muttered some words, and the Dwarf stopped fighting.
Everyone was put in cages on carts and were brought away.
I was able to escape from my cage when the guards were not looking, jumped off the cart, and headed home.
If pressed, he had lockpick tools
They were headed north towards the swamp.
Demnamli Orcarm: Male Dwarf see Toufort Village sheet
Dwarf owner of Blued Steel (Blacksmith shop)
Mostly makes tools and building supplies
From Thrail.  Has a large family there
In feud with the Oakentoe family
Has a beautiful dagger and armor displayed.
Orcanum (the dagger): Dwarven dagger of returning.  +2 weapon, returning, +2d6 vs Orcs
+1 Studded leather armor
If inquiring he says they are not for sale, but could be earned.
Random Encounters
The swamp is large and dangerous.  Travel and camping within it is fraught with dangerous encounters.
Encounter 1:
Troll (1x), CR 5, 1800XP
Encounter 2:
Giant Constrictor Snake (3x) CR 2, CP450 + Giant Poisonous Snake (3x), CR 1/4, CP50 – Adjusted: 2,250 XP
Encounter 3 (night):
Ogre (4x), CR2, 450XP – Adjusted: 2,700 XP
Possible Encounter (Or Dragon sense):
Young Black Dragon in the Area (1x), CR7, 2,900 XP (Hoard extremely hard to find)
3,207 gp total:
700 cp
5,000 sp
1,400 gp
130 pp
25 gp art objects (×3):
Cloth-of-gold vestments
Copper chalice with silver filigree
Small mirror set in a painted wooden frame
Inciting Action
Fiadh learned that Darragh was taken in the middle of the night by a group of slavers.  There is a man named Finnius Flax in Toufort that was also taken but was able to escape his cage.
Adventure Details
The players are looking to find out information.  The information they find might just lead them in another direction after trying to sack the keep.
The keep is well guarded and is dangerous to approach and take.  It is likely that they will not take the keep.
Possible outcomes of attacking the keep:
They kill everyone and take the keep.  The Dearils will not divulge where Darragh is.
They get captured and imprisoned.
The Dearils flee with magic.
The overcome the Dearils and have 1 or 2 alive.  The Dearils will not give direct details of Darragh.
Resolution
There are 2 perceivable outcomes of this adventure:
They kill the Dearils:
If they kill the Dearils, they will not learn any information about Darragh.
They will get the treasure from the keep.
With Investigation DC 18, they will find a loose stone.  Hidden behind it is are their books.  It is written in Thieves’ Cant.
The cannot or wont kill the Dearils:
The Dearils will taunt them.
They will take the group prisoners if they can with mind control.
They will not divulge the location of Darragh or their associates.  Even under torture.
They will say that Darragh has a weak mind.  He is happy in his new life.
Loot
If they are able to take the keep (Dearils alive or not), they can find the following:
3,517 gp total:
11,700 cp
7,660 sp
2,186 gp
70 pp
250 gp art objects:
Gold bird cage with electrum filigree
Large gold bracelet
Large well-made tapestry
Silk robe with gold embroidery
Magic Items:
Pearl of Power
+1 Naginata (Glaive)
Sentinel Shield
Vicious Rapier
Quaal’s Feather Token: Whip
Ledger written in a Cypher.  It uses code names and marks sums next to them.
The party later ventured into the Greenveil forest:
Storyline
As you are walking through the forest, Mere and Julian see a brief glance at some blue light off to your right.
As you make your way through the woods, your progress is slowed by thick overgrowth of the forest.  It takes longer than normal, but cutting away at the undergrowth allows you to pass through.
Locations
Ruins:
DESCRIPTION:
There is thick overgrowth surrounding the entire structure.  The main tower has collapsed and trees have fallen on to the stone ruins. The collapsed tower and trees will need to be cleared.
To the North of the tower are 2 large square stones with a circular shape engraved into them.  The left one is glowing blue with an orange ring.  A runic shape appears in the glowing area.  The right one is glowing bright blue with a runic shape appearing in the glowing area.
The stones are only lit when Honus is a New Moon and Raral is a Full Moon.
Mnedune 4th
Plasis 4th
Bromdel 3rd
Wani 3rd
Lox 4th
Vran 3rd
Quo 2nd
Nogule 2nd
Yant 3rd
There are 24 large square stones with various carvings on them.  Many of the stones and carvings are covered with fallen trees.  Party should clear the trees and tower bricks.
Where the tower once stood, there is a pilar in the center.  Engraved on the front of the pillar are 2 circular indented shapes.
DM Notes:
The party needs to do the following to activate the pilar to reveal the stairs:
One player needs to stand on the orange circle and one on the blue.  When they do, one of the stones lights up.  The Hunter.
When a player stands on the Hunter, the top of the pilar will have a glowing ruin.
When a player climbs and stands on the pillar, the pilar turns, revealing a spiral staircase going down.
DC 18 History to identify the symbols.
Staircase:
DESCRIPTION:
A spiral staircase 5 foot wide descends.
20’ down: Investigation DC 20 to notice a sigil on the stair.  It is a magical trap.
Detect Magic: Transmutation
Dispel Magic: 4th level
DM Notes:
If the party does not notice the sigil or is unable to dispel it, the entire staircase turns into a smooth ramp.  The entire party starts to slide down the ramp.
Either way, the staircase is 100 feet deep and the party either walks to the bottom, or they slide to the bottom.  DEXTERITY SAVE to determine how far they slide into the room at the bottom:
Less than 5: 40 feet
5-10: 30 feet
11-15: 20 feet
16-20: 10 feet
20+: 0 feet
Wheel Room:
CREATURES:
As you enter the room, you see that it is completely full of Skeletons.
30 Skeletons (MM 272, CR 1/4, 4,500 Adjusted XP)
TREASURE: Among the corpses you find: Shortswords, Short Bows, Arrows,
1,378gp   2,125 sp    3,789 cp
DESCRIPTION:
When you have time to take a look at your surroundings, you see a large circle in the middle of the room with elaborate scrolling and 12 runic symbols carved around the circle.
On the edges of the circular room are 4 square stone blocks with crystals embedded into them.
West: hallway leading to a T hallway.  To the right is a dead end and to the left the hallway turns left.
East: hallway leading to a T hallway.  To the left is a dead end and to the right the hallway turns right.  Secret door (Investigation 18 to find).  Hidden Room
South: hallway leading to a T hallway.  Forward is a door with a lever on the left of the door. (Athletics DC 18 to open). Hunter Room
North: There is a double door. The left door has a Blue ruin engraved in it and the Right door has a yellow ruin engraved in it. Arcana DC:18 (Blue: Cast abjuration, Yellow: Cast divine) Arcana Door Room
Stairs: There are 2 small round indented areas on the wall next to the stairs.
DM NOTES:
The wheel can be turned if the following conditions are met:
A player stands on each of the 4 square gem inlaid tiles.
A 5th player turns the wheel manually.
The wheel must be turned in order to activate the ruins (Start Position Doom @Whale):
Hunter to Wolf (3R)
Maiden to Womb (8L)
Chimera to Pegasus (11R)
Ship to Whale (3L)
Twins to Ettin (1R)
Dragon to Keep (10L)
Rose to Thorn (1R)
Doom to Serpent (6L)
Chalice to Tree (3R)
Frost to Spider (1L)
Scythe to Wheat (6R)
Eagle to Falcon (5L)
Players can gain hints to how to solve the puzzle in the following ways:
The order of the ruins outside match a pattern.  That pattern is partially revealed in the secret room.
They players can make a DC 18 History check on the symbols to identify them.  Some of the matches are obvious once you know what they represent.
In the Eagle Room, the order of directional turns is displayed.
Hidden Room:
DESCRIPTION:
Once found & opened: Inside you find a stone with a carving on it.
DM NOTES:
Inside this hidden room is a key to the puzzle.
Hidden: DC 18 Perception to find
Trapped: DC 20 Investigation to determine that it is trapped.  DEX Save 15, 4d6 Lightning Dmg
Locked: DC 18 Thieve’s Tools to open
Arcana Door Room:
DESCRIPTION:
There is a double door. The left door has a Blue ruin engraved in it and the Right door has a yellow ruin engraved in it. Arcana DC:18 (Blue: Cast abjuration, Yellow: Cast divine).
Once in the room, you see 5 Runic stones. (Some may be glowing if they have already completed them)
DM NOTES:
Light up the ruins once completed.  They are on DM layer.  Move to Map layer.
CREATURES:
When the players enter this room, They are attacked by 2 Banshees.
Banshees (2)
TREASURE:
Hunter Room:
DESCRIPTION:
This rectangular room has doors to the left and to the right.  There are clay pots and stone sculptures in each corner.
West door (Sleight of Hand 18): There is a 4” diameter hole to the left of the door.  It goes back 1 ft and there is a lever inside.  When someone puts there hand in there, the lever retracts.
East door (Investigation 18): The door is solid, except for a tiny hole on each door.  The players must put something in each hole to open the door.
DM NOTES:
Once the creatures are taken care of, they players can try to figure out the doors.
West: Sleight of Hand door.  Players must use sleight of hand to carefully and slowly put hand in to get to the lever.
East: Investigation door.  Players must investigate to fine two tiny holes.  They must put a small tool in each hole to open the doors.
CREATURES:
When the players enter this room, and start to look around, various stone objects are picked up and thrown at them seemingly from nowhere.  They are attacked by invisible Poltergeists.
Poltergeists (2)
TREASURE: The 4 stone sculptures are unique and very old.  They are shaped to form 4 celestial objects. Value: 150gp each.
Maiden Room:
DESCRIPTION:
When you approach this room, you notice there is no floor.  A wall is 10’ in front of you.  Around the corner is a small 2’ platform.  It will be a challenging Parkour attempt to reach it.
DM NOTES:
Parkour (Acrobatics 15) to get around the room.  5 checks required.
If they fall, the go into the abyss, take 2d6 force damage, and reset at the beginning.
Cannot Fly through the course.  Only the hover capability will allow flying movement through the room.  Its too tight to fly.
Once they reach the door, it opens automatically.
Ship Room:
DESCRIPTION:
This room had crystals embedded in each corner.  Any movement triggers a crystal to glow.  The doors will not open.
DM NOTES:
The players must stealth (DC 18) through the room to the other doors.  If they reach the doors without the crystals glowing, the doors can be pushed open.
Eagle Room:
DESCRIPTION:
This room is insignificant except for carvings on the back wall.
DM NOTES:
The carvings tell the group what order the main wheel needs to be turned.
Chimera Room:
DESCRIPTION:
In this room, you see a statue of a woman holding a pot balanced on her head.
On the right side of the room, there is a symbol carved into the floor.
DM NOTES:
This is the religion room.  A successful Religion 18 check identifies the statue as The Agent of Chaos.
Players must place a “chaotic” item into the pot to open the door.  Once this is done, the door opens:
Water
Fire
Something else they think of.
DC 20 check reveals the name of the goddess is Kyratrix
DC25 Religion check reveals this is the Goddess of Discord, a betrayer god.
Twins Room:
DESCRIPTION:
First you see some bags that have mice eating out of holes chewed through them.  Inside the bag is corn.
In the corner, there is a round room inset into the floor with a staircase.  The room is 6’ wide and 10’ deep.  Around the outside edge of the round room are shelves with various bottles on them.
Near the wall where the door is a small 2” hole.  There is a lever next to the hole.
DM NOTES:
The circular room is really a portable hole.  Items on the shelf in the Portable Hole magic item.  The bottom stair also is a hidden door to a box.  With a successful DC 18 Investigation, they will see that the stair lifts and there is a hiding place in there.  Items inside are an Alchemy Jug and a Bag of Beans.
To open the door, a player must get a small creature (mouse or familiar) to go inside the hole.  There is a crystal on the other side that they must stand on.  It then activates a gem on the lever and the lever can now be pulled, opening the door.
Scythe Room:
DESCRIPTION:
When the door opens, you can see the crystal that the creature had do stand on.  You immediately see a skeleton with a silver sword who attacks you.
CREATURES:
Githyanki Swordbreaker Skeleton (CR 3, 700 XP)
TREASURE: Githyanki Silversword
DM NOTES:
When the wheel puzzle lights the Scthe, a stairway appears in the floor of the Scythe Room.  The players can hear a set of gears and clunking as it is revealed.
Portal Room:
DESCRIPTION:
As you reach the bottom of the stairs, there is a winding hallway.  At the end, around the corner, you see a large carving on the floor with an extremely large portal in the center. In the back of the room is a stone alter with a book on it.
You see a large multi-headed worm creature headed towards a small fluffy racoon looking creature in the corner.
CREATURES:
Astral Devourer (CR 8, 3900 XP)
Sazi (The Astri)  She is a celestial who was stuck on the Astral Plane and just found this portal while being chased.
TREASURE: The Infintious Codex
There are 2 small glowing orbs (one orange, and one blue) on the alter.  These can be used to open the stairs from the top or bottom at any time.
DM NOTES:
If the players interact with the Portal, they are shifted to the Astral Sea.
Resolution
Once the players have The Infinitous Codex, it marks the end of the puzzle.
If they take the two glowing orbs, they can determine that they are used to open the stairs from the bottom or top at any time by inserting them into the round spots on the wall (below) or pillar (above) with an Arcana 18 check or Identify spell.
They met Gadarast, a powerful Arch-Druid who spoke to them in Elvish:
Se iaur ah hollen land o i taur.  Dandol thi ir len eno saf I amartha!
Z e-our hollen lan-oh-e tar.  Dand-ol Tea-ear len e-no zaf e amar-tea-ha
This is an ancient and forbidden part of the forest.  Leave now while you still have the chance!
After a bit of a fight and discussion, the fight ended and they discussed what was happening.
Gadarast agreed to teleport them via a tree to the Elvish city of Asneas in the Zrelian Dynasty.  Once there, they met with the elves and spent a great night dangerously diving from the treetops into a cenote.
They had a plan to head to Kul Buldar, the dwarven city.  After heading north, they found a terrified city at the edge of Loch Larn.  Apparently a massive red dragon was constantly taking from them.  The party offered what they could, got a small boat and started rowing across the loch.  In the middle of the loch as an island that the party stopped for an evening rest.  Durning the night, they were awakened by an Ancient Green Dragon named Immes.  This coy creature offered riddles and games, with thinly veiled threats.  The dragon wanted all of their money and all of their magic items.  A bet by the party and a lucky turn of events allowed the party to keep their treasure and come home with one magic item from the dragon.  The dragon offered them more riches if they could help her kill an Ancient Red Dragon that resides in the area.  The party left this as an option for a future date.
Once to the back gates of Kul Buldar, there was a secret, magically sealed back door:
Travel - Timeline
The adventurers will travel from the north of the Asnaes forest towards Kul Buldar.
Asnaes Forest -> Larn-Loch (Village) 50 Miles (2 days)
Larn-Loch -> Kul Buldar door (across Foreside Loch) – 40 Miles (1 day)
Kul Buldar (back door) – Resting place
Kul Buldar (Grand hall) / Room of the Kings [ENCOUNTER – Fire Giant]
Kul Buldar escape (Grand Hall) [ENCOUNTER – Goblins, then Balor]
Kul Buldar escape (Bridge) [ENCOUNTER – Balor & Goblins]
Miles of mines -> Kul Buldar -  20 miles (1 day + checks)
Travel: Asnaes Forest -> Larn-Loch (50 Miles / 2 days)
The travel is uneventful.  Survival checks (DC: 12) to head north in the right direction.  Camp at least 1 night.
Larn-Loch
As you exit the forest, you see lights off in the distance.  There are a few wheat & vegatable farms outside of the village well away from the shore. (LOAD MAP: Larn-Loch)
The small fishing village of Larn-Loch resides on the coast of the Forside Loch.  The buildings are all on the water, built on stilts.  Wooden pathways join to the buildings and countless wooden bridges arch over canals that are the streets of this village.
There is a man tending to baskets of fish in his boat docked at the walkway.  Abdalla Amarsi.
NPCs:
Abdalla Amarsi (Male Human) – Fisherman – Gruff – 1st person they meet
Ufa Kalb (Male Human) – Town Mayor – Sly – Not really interested in meeting the adventurers
Garai Boulos (Male Human) – Boat salesman – Greasy Salesman -
Nerin Totah (Female Human) – Shop/Innkeeper – Rough/Haggard -
Shops/Lodging:
There is 1 place of business that offers lodging, food, drink, and basic supplies (mostly fishing).
The Foreside Inn & Tavern:
Nerin Totah (Female Human) – Shop/Innkeeper – Rough/Haggard
Food: All fish dishes – 1sp - steam, fried, or breaded.  Ale – 2cp
1 nights lodging (squalled) – 2cp
Really rough accommodation.  Hay laid on the floor in 1 common room.
Information:
Used large rowboat – 50 gp (seats 8)
Mostly people do not pay attention to the adventurers
An Ancient Red Dragon occasionally flies over the village.  Named by the village: Ronum, The Ashmaker
The dragon mostly leaves the village alone.  Its been decades since they have had a run-in.
Forside Loch is the lifeblood of the city.  Constantly expanding and contracting with the seasons.
It’s a full day trip by rowboat to the other side.  Fishermen rarely get anywhere near the other side and have no need to.
Kul Buldar (door)
At the north end of the lake, the can see (Perception 10) that there are dead trees blocking easy passage by boat.  They will need to veer to the right to land the boat.
There is a narrow pathway between the steep mountains to the right and the Loch to the left. 500 yard walk.
As they approach a door carved into the mountain, the walkway spreads out to a larger area. (LOAD MAP: Kul Buldar Door)
ENCOUNTER:
A slime colored worm emerges from the water.  Its purple skin glistens in the moonlight and out of its large gaping maw there are 4 large tentacles.  It attacks.  (Spellcaster reminder)
There is a thick stone door surrounded by carved stone.  In Dwarven, the carving reads:
Only that which belongs may enter.
Only that which belongs here may enter.
Magic: Abjuration (Strong).  Dispel Magic would be a bad idea and probably permanently close the door (INT 8)
They players need to touch the belt of dwarven kind or another dwarven made item to the door for it to open.
Once inside, the door closed behind them, there is a 15’ x 15’ carved stone room to rest.
Into Kul Buldar – Grand Hall – Room of The Kings
From the room, a long, carved tunnel extends forward into the darkness.  The ceilings height is 10’.  Following this path for about an hour, you see that it opens up ahead of you. (LOAD MAP: Grand Hall).
As you step out of the tunnel, you see a massive room with giant pillars going up into the darkness.  Off to the right there is some blue-colored light pouring out of a partially open doorway.
Above the door is a carving in dwarvish that Amara and Julian can read: Room of the Kings.
This first thing you notice upon entering this room is a magical glow that keeps the room lit perpetually.  Most of the contents of the room have been badly damage or destroyed.  Skeletons of Dwarfs litter the back of the room and a significant fight must have happened here long ago.  The ceiling vaulted and is 30 feet high at its lowest.
On each side of the room are raised areas that are 5 feet off of the ground.  Ladders leading to the platforms still remain in tack from the battle.  Two broken Sarcophagi are on the upper right areas. Urns reside high up on shelfs in the back of the room.  8 large pillars hold the room up surrounding the room.
In the center of the room is a large iron Sarcophagus with a large anvil at the foot and a large chest at the head.  An open well sits in the upper right of the room with a skeleton leaning up against it.
Investigation checks:
If searching the rubble, a DC 10 Investigation reveals a book faintly smelling like roasted turkey and gravy.  Edible book of Recipes
If someone searches the urns with a DC 18 Investigation check, it reveals a ring of spell storing.
Chest contents: Warhammer – Warm to the touch (Pyrravyn, The Ash Bringer), 280 pp, 1000 gp
If something is dropped into the well or the characters fail to keep stealthy, 2 minutes later they are attacked by a fire giant and goblins.
Kul Buldar escape
After the battle, a moment of silence descends into the room.  With the quiet, outside the door you can hear hundreds of feet in the distance echoing from a distance in the large hall.
Timer: What do they do?  They have 1 minute to decide before the goblins get there.
As they flee and leave the room:
“To your left and right are hundreds of goblins who were attracted to the sound of battle.  The only clear path is forward.”
Once they run 2 turns and the goblins start to surround them, there are loud footsteps in the distance and a glow of red light:
“As the goblins nearly surround you, you hear large footsteps in the distance and a bright red light.  The goblins cower and run.”
REVEAL: BALOR
They will run to the end and notice a doorway that has a room lit in a faint orange color and find themselves at a bridge being shot at by goblins.
LOAD MAP BRIDGE
Kul Buldar Bridge
As you enter through a large open doorway, you see a room lit from the floor by lava and a possible exit on the other side of a thin stone bridge.
Just then, arrows start flying towards you.
GOBLINS ATTACK
If they are hit crossing the bridge, they must make a DC 10 athletics or acrobatics check to not fall.  They then can make the same check to catch themselves or someone else can make the check to try to grab them.  If they are holding on to the ledge, a DC 12 Athletics check is required to pull them up.  The lava is about 150 feet below the bridge.
They are followed by the BALOR who attempts to cross the bridge.
ESCAPE: Once they reach the bottom left side, they find a tunnel further into the mountain.
“Making it across the bridge and surviving the arrow fire, you find a tunnel that leads out of the crevasse.
Mines
You have entered the main mine complex.  Twisting tunnels with infinite branches.  Ahead of you the path splits into a left and a right tunnel.  Which do you take?
Wandering aimlessly through the mines, after 5 days, with checks to determine the correct path at 4 branches, the tunnel opens up to reveal an underground city.
Kul Buldar
“You see an amazing sight.  Carved into the sides of a natural crevasse are hundreds if not thousands of lantern lit homes, and businesses.  Dwarfs are walking on raised walkways throughout the city.  Sunlight pours in from above to naturally softly light the cavern.  You have arrived at Kul Buldar!”  You hear a ruckus one level up on the left coming from an open tavern packed with Dwarves.  The sign reads: “Beard beneath the Kilt”.
TIME IS AFTERNOON, EARLY EVENING
Walking into the Tavern, you see a lowered 15 ft. round pit surrounded by Dwarves.  In the ring, two dwarves are circling each other ready to land a blow.
BARTENDER: Kardean Blackguard (M), Thrombelyn Shatterdelver (F)
Best Fighter: Murhac Granitespine
The party reached  level 7
Vamuluhr – Plan Level 7
As you continue down the tunnel after hours of travel, the heat intensifies.  The smell of Brimstone hangs thick in the air burning at your nostrils.  Inye, the thick smell of sulfur is particularly invasive.  You have been following the scent of water since it has been 5 days since last you had access to water.  You smelt that the water was getting closer, but the thick brimstone has made the sweet smell of the water disappear altogether.
The tunnel ahead of you starts to open up into a cavern…
AS THEY SEE WHAT IS AHEAD:
There is a guard tower that is part of a larger wall constructed of black stone.
PERCEPTION CHECK 12: There is a grey skinned humanoid in the tower with a heavy crossbow in hand.
Garrison – Protect group of guards
Roaming Large Blue lizard creatures ridden by duergar
Lava, Water
Duergar fight unless someone in the group can communicate with them in undercommon with a Persuasion 15 (Disadvantage if fighting) or Intimidation 15
IF OUTSIDE OF THE WALLS, THE DUERGAR WARLORD SPEAKS WITH THEM OVER THE WALL (WHILE SURROUNDED)
IF INSIDE THE WALLS, THE PLAYERS ARE SURROUNDED AS THE WARLORD SPEAKS WITH THEM AT A DISTANCE.
WARLORD (IN UNDERCOMMON, RELUCTANTLY IN DWARVISH):
“It is nice of you to bring such excellent weaponry to us here in the Forge.  What give you the balls to come down here to meet your inevitable end?”
PERSUASION 15 TO KEEP TALKING
3 SUCCESSES MEANS THAT THEY WILL PARLEY, 3 FAILURES AND THE FIGHT GOES ON
EVENTUALLY, IF SUCCESSFUL THE WARLORD WILL SIT DOWN WITH THEM AND ALLOW THEM ACCESS TO THE CITY
Kul Buldar Mine Problems
Goal: End the heat in the mines.  If done in 10 days or less, bonus
Aseas Elves: 2,500gp to get to the source of the heat in the mine
The Mythral Consortium (Chief: Murhac Stormbender): 30K gp in platinum to solve the mine heating up problem.  If 10 days or less, bonus. Gave the party an advance of 5K
Day counter:  1□  2□  3□  4□  5□  | 6□  7□  8□  9□  10□  | 11□  12□  13□  14□  15□
Bonus:  20K   18K   16K   14K  12K      10K    8K    6K    4K      2K
Entrance Mine #7
Maze
ChasmBone PitStairway to Hell
More MinesMore MinesElemental Merging
More MinesMore MinesForge
Realize it’s a dead endRealize it’s a dead endRaw Elementals
Elemental Gathering Grounds
Horrus Dune
Mind Flayer Colony
Entrance to Mine #7: Aberrations – DAY 1
Maze: Aberrations – DAY 1
MINE – DAY 2
Chasm: Sapphire Dragon – DAY 2
Offer to take them to a shortcut – bottom of chasm
Bone Pit -> Vamuluhr -> Stairway to Hell -> Cross Path -> Raw Elementals -> Horrus Dune
Hours:     12                   7                                     15               11                              0
Underground Lake: Behirs & Undead – DAY 2
Aboleth – DAY 2
MINE – DAY 3
Bone Pit:  DAY 3 – 5hrs
Inye Demon name: Er'rarrinal
MINE DAY 3
Duergar City – Vamuluhr – day 4
Kramkohm Blindhammer – Clan Master
Thultharn Stormcrag
Grandur Oreflow
Murdrom Vengebuster
Gremryl Gravehand
Brannyl Neckbattle
Kardohr Blindcleaver
Urmgrim Orechains
Thomund Stoutchains
Brandrak Starkslice
Urmgrim Vicebreaker
Baerdahr Underearth
Grangram Skullflayer
Fargran Keenaxe
Gimryl Underflayer
Farthrun Burngore
Ebmand Knifestone
Thomus Mindbattle
Regiggs Brighteye
Tormin Ragerock
Forge DAY 4
Stairway to Hell: DAY 4
X pathway – 2 merge to 2 other directions
Raw Elementals
Horrus Dune
Mind Flayer Colony
Cultist study room
In this oval shaped room, a hooded man (cultist) sits at a table reading a book. He has blackish-green blisters on his exposed skin.  There are 2 tables, a bookcase and some smaller tables with weapons and torcher implements.
If the body is looked at, they find a tattoo Character handout: Kyratix, The Agent of Chaos.
Demon Blisters: Disease:
- Detect disease: “Demon Blisters”
- Lesser Restoration does not work (Due to the magical properties of the disease)
- Detect magic detects transmutative, abjuration, and necromantic
To resolve:
- Cast counter spell, then dispel magic x2, while simultaneously casing lesser restoration
- Alchemy DC 25 to produce antidote with Short-Stem Staghorn Cap
TREASURE:
Books:
Five Tales (A sad tale of the life of a destitute maiden). 138 pages 10 gp
Lessons on the Animals of the Grave: Magnificent Creatures. This book gives advice and tactics against a certain type of creature. 603 pages 20 gp
5 gp, 23 silver, 21 copper
Alchemy closet
This small room is lined with shelves filled with various liquids and dried substances.  A man (cultist)is looking through the bottles as you approach.  If the body is looked at, they find a tattoo Character handout: Kyratix, The Agent of Chaos.
TREASURE:
2 Vials of Acid
1 Antitoxin
1 desiccated holy water
6 oil flasks
Vial of Phosphorus
Jar of Wytchwood
4 pieces of short copper wire
10’ of silver wire
25 gp of powdered silver
Jar of salt
1 petrified Eye of Newt
Jar of powdered iron
Jar of sand
Jar of Bat fur
Jar of Bone dust
Jar with an Octopus tentacle
10gp of incence
Jar with fingernail & hair
3 gp, 33 silver, 41 copper
Lava River
The heat is intense as you approach the orange glow of the lava.  You are immediately attacked by a creature made of fire. (Fire Elemental).
You can see a pathway off to the left just up the river.  To the right, the lava flows downstream.
Storage
In this small room are chests and barrels.  You wonder, how did they get here?
The 2 chests are both locked and trapped.  Locks DC 20, Traps: Investigation DC 16, Disarm DC 15, 4d10 poison
TREASURE:
100 lbs of rations
5,000 gold pieces
2,000 gems – 3: 300gp diamonds, 500gp rubies, 600gp emeralds, 3 superior healing potions
The Mine
The remnants of an old mine.  Here a man (cultist) is picking at the walls searching for something.
TREASURE:
3 Pick axes in rough condition
8 gp, 12 silver, 39 copper
The Anvil
In this small room a man (cultist) is working on thinning out a strip of silver.
TREASURE:
Thinned silver sheet
3 gp, 9 silver, 12 copper
The Bridge
Charred wooden planks cover the flowing lava below.  The heat is nearly unbearable.  CON 10 save or 1d6 fire damage.  A Fire Elemental emerges from the lava.
Web room
In this room are long burnt-out candles.  The walls are covered in webs.
The crossroads
As you continue, the path is very hot.  You reach a crossroads with one path to the left, and one to the right.
Around the corner a truly terrifying creature approaches.  A brown bodied creature with no eyes and a huge toothy maw.  Spiked tentacles flow beneath the flying creature. Balhannoth
https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/forgottenrealms/images/c/cd/Balhannoth.jpg
Demon Pit
As the path opens, you see a massive creature approaching.  Muscles on this behemoth quiver as it charges.  Udaak
https://cdn11.bigcommerce.com/s-hpjdo4362x/images/stencil/1280x1280/products/6138/6605/f0d26ec19f4cab6c30e3392f374897c848268395__37927.1622757383.jpg
In the corner area, the ceiling has a gaping hole in it with a blue shimmering field closing it off.
Lava flow
As you approach the river, it is too hot to pass without burning.  Across the river you catch a glimpse of a split cavern and a cage.
Caverns
As you enter this multi-path cavern, you see the glow of lava to your left.  As you step into the path, a terrifying creature lunges at you.  A creature with octopus like tentacles and a large beak.  AFTER FIGHT: This creature looks like it belongs under water, what is it doing here? Morkoth
https://i.pinimg.com/474x/78/2f/66/782f6670d6a4f6f1a349b86178ed816a.jpg
Around the corner, there is a large domed cage.  Looking into the pit, you see a deeper dark colored lave and a fire creature caged there.  The creature seems to no be moving. Fire Elemental Myrmidon
Fire Bridge
There is a stone bridge over the lava.  The heat is even worse than the last bridge.  DC 12 or 2d6 fire.
Giant hole
There is a gaping black hole in this room.  Investigation DC 15, this hole was left by a large worm long ago.  A cool breeze constantly flows out of the hole.  The hole is very deep.  500’
A huge spider crawls out of the hole and attacks.  Chelicerae
Bed
A makeshift bed sits next to the hold with some crates and barrels in a pile at the foot of the bed.  A large chest also sits in the room.
Chest is locked DC 20 and trapped DC 16.  Aura of Abjuration & Evocation magic.  Alarm spell.  Trap: Fireball 8d6.
Inside the chest is a Folding Boat and a Feather of Quaal: Fan
16, 17, 18, 19. The villain
If the fireball was triggered, Horrus Dune is ready for them.  If they have been quiet enough DC 22, they catch him by surprise.
ADVANTAGE VS CHARM, CANT SLEEP
Bonus: Curse a player.  +5 to damage rolls, crit on 19 or 20.  Regain 22hp if reduced to zero hp.
CURSE: WHEN HIT BY THAT PLAYER ROLL A D6: ON A 4+ THE ATTACK MISSES YOU
Eldritch blast: push 10’ if I want
Opening spell: Hunger of Hadar Level 5 CONCENTRATION CHECKS
When dropping Hunger of Hadar, then cast Infernal Calling Vrock (50% summoner variant) CONCENTRATION CHECKS
Thunder step 5th if surrounded.
Dimension door 5th in a pinch.  Counter spell 5th if counter spell cast.
INVISIBILITY (1X NO SPELL SLOT)
Mass suggestion (NO SPELL SLOT) or forcecage in a pinch. DC20
Maddening Darkness (NO SPELL SLOT)
Forcecage (NO SPELL SLOT)
Green-Flame Axe or 2x Devils Axe attacks (don’t forget eldritch smite using spell slot).  Acid breath.  Eldritch blast 4x.
If reduced to zero hp, players see a flash of Horrus dune transforming as he disappears in a pink-purple flash.
https://www.dndbeyond.com/avatars/thumbnails/22135/788/209/315/637743395553894783.jpeg
There is a mind flayer trapped and incapacitated in an acid pit as you round the corner.
Horrus Dune stands at a table with a desk adjacent.
A strange pinkish-purple pit is in the corner.
A demon (Glabrezu) is chained to the wall and incapacitated.
The wall has been opened up and a path leads through the hole.
TREASURE:
Gateway
With an Arcana 15 check, it is revealed that this is a planar portal. DC 18 portal to Uccasos (Chaotic Evil realm).  Dispel magic roll of 19 to dispel.
Glabrezu
Chained to the wall is a demon.  It is unconscious for some reason.  It lies in a pile of bones and blood.
HORRUS DUNE TREASURE
Demonic Enigma box – Soul Coin inside and Infernal Contract Horrus Dune (DON’T TELL PLAYERS)
Reincarnation Dust (Vary Rare)
Eagle Whistle
Luckstone (Cursed Luckstone)
Staff of Healing
Charm of Plant Command
Elemental Gem (Red)
Diamond (worth 1,000 gp)
Alchemy kit
Talon of Authority (Red & Purple)
The Rack
Strapped to a rack is a mind flayer (dead).
Spiked rack
A dead Red Slaad is chained to a spike rack.  Surgury has been done on the slaads chest and its teeth have been removed.
The opening
Down the pathway, you find another wall broken through to a chamber.  A blue glow comes from the chamber.
Disturbing chamber
In this blue glowing chamber, a cage covers a large brain with tentacles grabbing on the cage ineffectively.  A large crystal is attached to the top of the cage.  Rubble from breaking the wall lines the floor.
Wall
At the end of the chamber, there is a large blue shimmering wall.  Behind it, Perception 18 you can see a double door.
Breaking the sealed doorways: Requires breaking the crystal on top of the elder brain.
Crystal AC: 15 HP: 50
The way back is 4 days: DC 15 CON save or exhaustion each day for travel
The Mythral Consortium (Chief: Murhac Stormbender): 30K gp in platinum to solve the mine heating up problem.  If 10 days or less, bonus. Gave the party an advance of 5K
Aseas Elves: 2,500gp to get to the source of the heat in the mine
After this the players needed to reassess their goals:
Possible locations and motivations:
Unknown:
Horrus Dune
Lord and Lady Dearil and Fiadh
Zrelia:
Asnaes: Recover 2,500 gp reward from elves.
Kul Buldar: Get paid for Star Metal (If they find it) (8,000/lb regular, 10,000/lb premium)
Larn Loch: Emis (Green Dragon) wants to trap an Ancient Red Dragon
Zehas: Investigate Volcano
Kazon: Former plan to go there because of Sazi
Sverge Republic:
Southern Sea: Anoceth is sent a message (sending spell) by a messenger.  The pyrates have become more emboldened and Remi has been taken.
Anoceth, Pyrates terrorizing the ocean south of the Republic have taken Remi.  We must put a stop to this.  See what you can find out.
CON DC 18 – Fail, the black smoke is visible to the other player characters and Anoceth is filled with feelings Vengeance.  From now on when he uses his Psychic daggers, black smoke forms around his arm and follow the daggers.
Be aware of the group called Dortar Eterna led by a woman named Malvolia Sarka who’ve been collecting followers from the southern cities of Sverge.
Stammont Kingdom:
Darkshore: Ronan receives a message from Cenkhem via his new Arcane Transceiver.
Netos, its Cenkhem.  Our spy network throughout Stammont is failing.  They created a technology to identify the older models. We must understand this tech.
The tech is a round metal device with a stone in it that points out the direction of our older spies. Bring one to me.
Tomb bay (between Zrelia & Stammont):
Poizieu & Darkshore: Dream sequence for both Mere and Amara (Unable to be waked):
Sea swells, earth elemental titan creates a land bridge between Stammont Kingdom (Darkshore) and Poizieu (Zrelia).  Both armies cross the land bridge and fight on it. The earth opens up with a portal (Inyes portal) and swallows both armies.  The tenticles from the upside down start to cover the bridge and spread to Stammont and Zrelia.
Lucani:
Celxis: Julian Cure 2/3.  Meet with Kethtek Marghull (Dragonborn Alchemist)
Level 8: Zrelia
Julian Cure ½
Dearils City Attack?
Level 9: Zrelia->Sverge
Anoceth Infiltrate Zrelia
Tracking Dearils
Dearils Encounter 2
Level 10: Sverge:
Horrus Dune #3 Hutijin?
Elder brain?
Level 11: Sverge/Lucani
Pyrates (Gregoir backstory)
Dragon Attack Asceveron
Level 12: Lucani
Meet with Wizard/Alchemist in Celxis/Lucani – Julian Cure – Next mission
Ancient Blue Dragon?
Level 13: Stammont/Zrelia
Ancient Red Dragon
Anoceth and Ronan Spy stuff?
Ancient Void Dragon
Level 14: Odesus/Stammont
Cult of Chotarr (Althinias Backstory)
Flavious Fix?
Dearil Encounter #3 (vs Darragh & Fiadh)
Level 15: Lucani
Emergence of Evil (Amara, Mere, Althinias)
Purple Worm spawner
Level 16: Stammont
Mere and Katie
Beleshyrra (Fiadh locate Rolland)
Julian locates stuff for cure
Level 17: Lucani
Julian Final cure
YGorl
Level 18: Zrelia
Malvolia Sarka (Althinias Backstory)
Dyrnn (Flavius Sverge Trade Routes)
Level 19: Stammont
Inye last shard
Fiadh Defeat Khartag
Defeat Famera (Inye’s God)
WAR
Level 20: Lucani
Zrelia weapons (Ronan Backstory)
From Kul Buldar:
● Investigate Titan remains in mountains
● Cure for Julian
● Zehas Volcano
● Get paid from Asnaes
● Go to Kazon (former goal with Sazi)
● You characters goals (IM you directly with them)
Character Missions:
Amara:
● Investigate Gods power in Asceveron
● Ensure the Storm Lord Power
●
Character Missions:
Althinias:
● Track & Defeat the cult of Dhotarr
● Defeat Malvolia Sarka (NPC)
● Hunt Evil and bring to Justice
Character Missions:
Motjaba:
● Identify Pyrate Groups & Strongholds
● Infiltrate Zrelia
● Infiltrate the Stammont Kingdom
Character Missions:
Mere:
● Stop impending War of Gods
● Stop Non-Neutral Titans
● Find Katie O'Farrell
Character Missions:
Ronan:
● Spy on Stammont Kingdom
● Mission updates: Ian McCreaty (Baycliff)
Character Missions:
Julian:
● Find cure to disease
●
●
Character Missions:
Inye:
● Find shards and consume them
●
●
Search for the Shard
Adverse Conditions:
Travel pace:
Fast: 30 miles per day, Difficult terrain: 15 miles per day.  Perception checks at Dis-Advantage.
Normal: 24 miles per day, Difficult terrain: 12 miles per day
Slow: 18 miles per day, Difficult terrain: 9 miles per day.  Stealth checks at Advantage.
Identify Course & Maintain it:
To identify the correct path.  DC 18 Intelligence (Survival) Check.
Designate a navigator.  Navigator makes a Wisdom (Survival) check.  (Can be assisted if described how)
DC 15 - Fail: Make no progress that day
DC 15 - Fail by 5 or more: Lose a party member
Can use navigators’ tools if proficient and there is a clear sky.
Blizzard:
Designate a navigator.  Navigator makes a Wisdom (Survival) check.  (Can be assisted if assist described)
Fail: Make no progress that day
Fail by 5 or more: Lose a party member
Effects:
Last 2d4 hrs.  Limits sight to 30’ and hearing to 100’.
Dis-Advantage: Ranged Attacks, Wisdom (Perception), Non-Magical flight impossible
Concentration: DC10 Constitution save end of every round or lose concentration.
Difficult Terrain: Speed is halved
Extreme Cold:
Temp: -49 F (-45 C).
DC 10 Constitution Save each hour.  Fail: 1 level of exhaustion.
Resistance or Immunity to cold Auto Succeed.  Advantage with warm weather clothes.
Steep Cliffs/Mountains:
Identify best path: DC 16 Investigation Check.
Fail: Don’t see a good path forward.
Fail by 5 or more: select wrong path
Slippery terrain: Dexterity (Acrobatics) DC 15
Fail: Fall prone
Fail by 5 or more: Prone, plus fall off cliff.  Acrobatics or Athletics DC 12 to catch yourself
Falling ice/rocks: Dexterity Saving Throw DC 15
Fail: #d6 bludgeoning depending on size, prone
Fail by 5 or more: Damage, Prone, Fall off cliff.  Acrobatics/Athletics DC 12 to catch
Climb up rock/slope: Strength (Athletics) check DC 12 – 16 (Clear – Steep/Slippery)
Fail: Lose grip, cant move forward
Fail by 5 or more: Fall.  Acrobatics or Athletics DC 12 to catch yourself
Athletics Check DC 12-16 (Clear – Slippery) to climb back up
Mountain Map
Players must Identify Course INT(Survival) DC 18 to determine direction
Once per day WIS (Survival) DC 15 to stay on the path
Blizzard, redo WIS (Survival) check after.  Follow Blizzard rules during.
Get Player Order/Formation for going through the mountains on flat ground
Yeti (Druid) Encounter – Day 2
It has been snowing for about 3 hours. Walking in the low ground with rock walls on either side.  Visibility is limited by the snow but the walking is fairly easy on the flat ground.  Out of thin air, two burst of air hit “Front 2 people”.
19 to hit: 11 Bludgeoning Damage from air burst
17 to hit: 15 Bludgeoning Damage from air burst
INITIATIVE
Players need to decide what they are doing.  They cannot see the creatures (assuming they figure out that they are creatures.  If they move far enough to see a Yeti, the Yeti attacks.
Out of Combat:
If the players cease hostilities, they remaining druids will change into their humanoid form.  The Archdruid will retain its Dragon form until she is certain that the players are not a threat.
Archdruid NPC: Fionhala Keefei – CN, Female.  Only cares about her clan of druids and the mountains they call home.  They will protect it with their lives.  Aware of the White Dragon Zirrith, The Frozen Terror who resides in the mountains to the south.  Have battled before though ineffective due to both being immune to cold damage.
Other Druids: All Female.  Mordana, Athala, Muirnia, Caitala, Slainha, Aibhia
They are a druid tribe that lives half their lives as Yeti.  It has been this way since this tribe has been here (750 years).  Their goal is to keep the mountains unmolested by anyone.  Nature and the protection of nature is their call.  Nila (Overgod)
MONSTERS:
2 Invisible Stalkers
6 Female Druids (In Shapechange form as Yeti)
1 Female Archdruid (In Shapechange form as Abominable Yeti)
Will change into an Ancient Boreal Dragon if one of his druids go down)
TREASURE:
None, unless they kill them all (which they wont)
Avalanche
Mere and Julian notice moving snow just 900 feet above the group. The snow is moving very quickly.  Just then the group feels the ground shake and a loud noise.  Avalanche moves 300 ft
SHOW MAP
Initiative, players react to avalanche. On monster turn it travels 300 feet until it can travel no more.
300 feet wide, 150 feet long, and 30 feet thick
Avoid it or escape it if they’re close to its edge, but outrunning one is almost impossible.
When an avalanche moves, any creature in its space moves falls prone
DC 15 Strength saving throw, taking 1d10 bludgeoning damage on a failed save or ½ damage on a success
When an avalanche stops, the snow settles and buries creatures in it.
buried = blinded and restrained and has total cover.
The creature gains one level of exhaustion for every 5 minutes it spends buried in the snow.
ACTION: DC 15 Strength (Athletics) to dig free, breaking the surface and ending the conditions on a success
FAIL 3 TIMES: can’t attempt to dig itself out again Starts to suffocate.  # minutes = CON Mod
AID: A creature that is not restrained or incapacitated can spend 1 minute freeing another creature
Once free, that creature is no longer blinded or restrained by the avalanche.
WHEN APPROACHING THE DRAGON LAIR (WITHIN 6 MILES):
Chilly fog lightly obscures the land within 6 miles of the dragon’s lair.
Freezing precipitation falls within 6 miles of the dragon’s lair, sometimes forming blizzard conditions.
If the dragon dies, the fog and precipitation fade within 1 day. The ice walls melt over the course of 1d10 days.
Dragon Lair
Along the jagged peaks, you follow a natural ledge to the face of the mountain.  Ahead of you, lies an opening in the mountain with snow and ice hanging from the top of the entrance.
SHOW THE PLAYERS: Mountain Cave Entrance Handout
As the approach:
Although the overhang and entrance is about 30 feet wide, there is a small tunnel in the back of the cavern that is no more than 10 feet wide and 10 feet high.
As you continue down the tunnel, a hanging fog blocks your sight from seeing down the tunnel.
The Ice mephit retreats to the corner, holding a Frost breath for when the characters round the corner.
Kobold Security
The tunnel opens up to a cave with a 30’ ceiling with piles of ice.  Ice cycles hang from the ceiling.
Ice Kobold Sorcerer casts Ice Knife
Kobolds use sling
Ice Piercers drop when players are below them doing 1d6 damage.
Frost Evils attack when within range.
FEATURES:
The cave splits into 2 directions. 1A: Long tunnel.  1B Short tunnel leading to another room
MONSTERS:
12 Ice Piercer
1 Ice Mephit
3 Ice Kobold Sorcerers
1 Ice Kobold Cheiftain
7 Ice Mephits
(Optional) 2 Ice Evils
TREASURE: None
Kobold Antechamber
This chamber has a 15’ ceiling and both fresh water and a frozen over pit.  Ice cycles hand from the ceiling.
FEATURES:
Creatures attack when within range
MONSTERS:
6 Ice Kobolds
7 Ice Mephits
TREASURE: None
Kobold Quarters
This small side room has a 10’ ceiling.  Against the far wall is an Ice Alter devoid with frozen meat on it.  A cauldron lies to the right and another ice pit is in the floor to the left.
MONSTERS:
Ice Kobolds
TREASURE: None
Snowman Room
The tunnel opens up to a larger room with a 30 foot high ceiling.  Large piles of snow sit on the edges of a frozen floor.
When the players get to the middle of the ice, describe:
The piles of snow start to animate and take the form of evil looking snowmen and attack.
FEATURES:
The ice is difficult terrain.
MONSTERS:
3 Snow Golems
TREASURE: None
Water Pool
After a long tunnel, it begins to expand into another chamber.  A second tunnel exits from this chamber.
FEATURES:
A fresh water pool resides at the end of this chamber.
MONSTERS:
Ice Kobolds
TREASURE: None
Intermediary Antechamber
In the convergence of several tunnels is another chamber.
MONSTERS:
2 Ice Kobolds
TREASURE: None
Fianl Antechamber
A tunnel continues through the chamber with another tunnel taking a sharp left.
MONSTERS:
Ice Kobolds, I joins from the adjoining chamber.
TREASURE: None
Bone Pile
This chamber is completely filled (10 feet deep) in bones (Humanoid, Beast, and other)
FEATURES:
This pit was dug out.
MONSTERS: None
TREASURE:
INVESTIGATION 16: Miscellaneous coins (takes 1 hour to get it all):
7,889 cp and 2,436 sp
Echo Chamber
When you enter this T junction, it echos.  You notice that the wall in front of you is ice, but is frozen in a different manner.  The tunnels ceiling opens up a bit, but is met by the ice wall.  There are paths to the right and the left.
Frozen Meals/Bodies
As you round the corner, you see before you a massive room with a cloud of fog 150 foot up.  In the center is a large platform of ice that is 30 feet high.  Looking around the room you see frozen corpses, Ice blocks, ice crystal formations, and pools of open water.
FEATURES:
The bodies of several humans reside here and are frozen solid.
Various sizes of mostly clear ice blocks sit on the floor and one on the large platform.  Looking into the ice blocks you see various humanoids, Giants, and beasts frozen solid.
The ice crystal appears to be naturally formed.  It is beautiful, but looks quite fragile.
MONSTERS:
As you walk into the room, you hear a voice echo throughout the chamber.
“Is it dinner time already?  I smell several morsels, and what is this, a little baby dragon?”  “Oh and what wonderful treasures you have brought me.”  “Please, join me for a meal.”  “After all you’re not helpless since you made it past my helpers.”  “Don’t be afraid”
TREASURE: None
Main Ice Platform
In this massive block of solid ice, as you peer through the walls you see countless treasures shining from within.
FEATURES:
The ice is solid and is almost as hard as rock.  It is very cold to the touch.  It will take hours, maybe days to get through this.
MONSTERS:
Zirrith, The Frozen Terror (Ancient White Dragon) (Flees out of the main tunnel when down to 80 HP)
LAIR ACTIONS (within 120 feet of dragon – must have direct sight):
20’ Radius sphere of fog fills area causing the area to be heavily obscured.  Everyone in the fog must make a CON Save DC 10 or suffer 3d6 cold damage (1/2 on save)
Jagged ice shards fall from the ceiling, striking up to 3 creatures underneath.  +7 to hit, 3d6 piercing
Ice Wall: Dragon creates a 30’ high, 30’ wide Ice wall that is 1 foot thick.  AC 5, 30 HP / 10’ section
TREASURE HOARD:
2,632 pp
Mixed Gems (8 @ 500 each): - Emerald, Fire opal, Blue sapphire, Yellow sapphire, Emerald, Star sapphire, Black opal, Star ruby
Dusk Song– Relic of the Scourge (For Inye)
Scimitar of Speed
Robe of Stars
30 Days using melee weapons, axes, picks to get everything. (As hard as iron) (A bit more brittle)
Reduce 1 day for every 100 levels of spell slots used.
Reduce 2 days for every 100 levels of (smart) spell slots used.
SECRET – Dragon Eggs
Hidden behind a wall of ice is a clutch of eggs.
FEATURES:
The wall has an AC 5 and HP of 30
MONSTERS:
Touching the eggs without gloves: CON 15 Save or 2d6 cold damage.
TREASURE:
6 White Dragon eggs
Frozen Platform
The ice is solid and is almost as hard as rock.  It is very cold to the touch.  It will take hours, maybe days to get through this.
FEATURES:
The ice is solid and is almost as hard as rock.  It is very cold to the touch.  It will take hours, maybe days to get through this.
TREASURE HOARD:
9,646 gp
1 Large Diamond (1,050gp)
Bejeweled ivory drinking horn with gold filigree (1,750 gp)
Conqueror’s Eye – Relic of the Scourge (For Mere or Althinias)
Talon of Authority: Aqua
Rod of the Pact Keeper +1
20 Days using melee weapons to get everything. 15 TOTAL DAYS EXPENDED
Reduce 1 day for every 100 levels of spell slots used.
Reduce 2 days for every 100 levels of (smart) spell slots used.
Ice Wall
Unless the dragon broke through it…
There is a solid 8 foot thick wall of ice blocking the path from floor to ceiling.
FEATURES:
The wall has an AC 5 and HP of 90
TREASURE:
None
Exit
The tunnel opens up to a massive ledge overlooking the mountains beyond it.  This appears to be the Dragons’ entrance to the Cavern.
+1 Day
Optional Encounter (Frost Salamanders)
Climbing (UP or DOWN) the mountains, is particularly challenging due to the steep nature of the rock.  There are a few flat spots to take a break.
ATHLETICS 15 to not slip.  Success further ahead than the others.
FEATURES:
When 2 players reach the flat spots, they see frost salamanders emerge from the rocks to the right and come down the mountain.
MONSTERS:
3 Frost Salamanders
TREASURE:
None
Harvest:
Blood: DC 10 Survival – Instantly freezes container and shatters it.  NEED ENCHANTED VIAL
Fangs: DC 16 Survival – 2 lbs, 20 gp., Max 30, 5 Minutes per
Scales: DC 15 Survival – 18 lbs, 65 gp., 4 max, 1 hour per (Refrigeration bag)
Fundamentum: DC 20 Survival -  12 lb, 1,675 gp, 2 available.  Fail: DC 17 CON – 8d10 cold 30’ Rad
Glacier Encounter
As your reach the ridgeline of the mountain peaks, you see a depression in the distance that sticks out as a very light blue contrasting against all of the white snow.
As you approach it, you see a large glacial frozen lake.  Some rocks peak through the surface not far off of shore.  It seems to be at least 1000 feet across the lake which is surrounded by steep cliffs.
PERCEPTION 17, You see an opening in the rocky cliffs on the opposite side of the lake.
FEATURES:
Once they get within 10 ft of the rocks, 3 Remorhaz break through the ice.  When the characters stay on the rocks, they go back under the ice.
The players have to cross the lake to get to their target.
MONSTERS:
3 Remorhaz
TREASURE:
None
Harvest:
Blood: DC 10 Survival – Boils and Hot.  10gp/vial, must be in glass.  1 lb each.  Max 100
Antenna: DC 15 Survival – 6 lbs, 25 gp., Max 6 (Used for trap sensors)
Carapace (Hide): DC 20 Survival – 18 lbs, 65 gp., 3 max, 3 hours per (+1 Armor)
Titan Remains
Towards the end of the glacial lake amongst the mountains is a 30-foot-wide pathway carved by a glacial river.  The ground remains a frozen glacier that is even more slippery than crossing the lake.  This glacial freeze is clearer with a brilliant blue color.
Gate
As you round the corner of the glacial river PERCEPTION CHECK 12 you see movement ahead.
2 hulking Giants and a Mammoth stand in front of a 40 foot tall fence with a gate in the center.  They seem to be heading your way…
INITIATIVE: Giants Perception 21
FEATURES:
The fence is 40 ft tall and is made of sturdy timbers.  The gate seems to be barred from the inside.
It is possible to slip a blade through and push up the wood beam barring the gate.  The beam is very heavy at 1000 lbs.  It takes a STR (Athletics) check of 25 to lift.
MONSTERS:
2 Frost Giants
1 Mammoth
TREASURE:
4 Giant sized Greataxes, DC 15 SURVIVAL: TOENAILS: 135gp, 2lbs, 8 max per.  Mammoth meat
4 Large Sacks (Pouches for giants) Containing 29 lbs of dried meat each
Titan Remains / Giant Camp
Beyond the gate you see 2 ladders that lead to a platform on each side of the gate.  Strangely, these are not sized for giants.  In the center is a massive skull partially uncovered in the glacier.
There are two large tents on the left side of the frozen pool with a Mammoth standing between them.  A walkway on the right side of the frozen pool is 60 feet up and extends across the entire rim of the pool.  A very large ladder is in place leading to the top of the walkway.  A large platform is supported by wood poles on the northern side of the walkway.
FEATURES:
Around the corner immediately to the right is a cove where a large bear is being roasted on a spit above a large fire.  In each tent are frost giants that are awakened by any noise of the fight.
MONSTERS:
4 Frost Giants, 2 Mammoth, DC 15 SURVIVAL: TOENAILS: 135gp, 2lbs, 8 max per.  Mammoth meat
1 Frost Giant Everlasting One joins the fight if the players are doing well, throwing rocks from above
1 Graknork joins from the East if the players are doing well (Escapes at 25% health)
TREASURE:
Only Greatswords and Giant sized tools/items and 100 lbs of dried meat.  TITAN SKULL (Read at end)
There are 2 full Mooncreeper plants here (Julian Cure).  Behind lower tent and behind campfire.  Once harvested, it immediately freezes and remains a solid piece of ice.
Everlasting One’s Camp
At the top of the ridge is a large tent setup for the leader of the Giants.
If players were not doing well, he could be asleep there instead of fighting.
FEATURES:
Inside the abode of the giant.  It contains furs on the floor, a large wood bed covered in various furs, and a table with a simple stool with a hunk of meat on the bone.
INVESTIGATION 15 – There is a chest hidden under furs under the bed.  It is unlocked and not trapped.
MONSTERS:
Frost Giant Everlasting One (If he wasn’t Killed in the first Combat)
Graknork (If it wasn’t in the last combat) (Escapes at 25% health)
TREASURE:
Giant Greatsword. DC 15 SURVIVAL: TOENAILS: 135gp, 2lbs, 8 max per.  Mammoth Meat
Chest:
7 pieces of Star metal: 12 oz total (6,000 gp)
Fine Star metal: ½ pound (5,000 gp)
2 oz White Shard
Harvest Titan Skull:
Group checks to successfully harvest for a shard for each day spent searching:
INT (Investigation) DC 18 to locate best place to dig
STR (Athletics) DC 18 to dig
INT (Nature) to determine fracture lines of the ice
DEX or INT(Carpenters Tools) DC 18 to build wooden structures to assist with the build
STR (Smiths Tools or Mason’s Tools) DC 18 to help break the ice
Cast spells using spell slots that do something to help dig or melt ice. (50 slots per day)
Ingenious Player idea: 2 success first time, 1 every time after.
40 Successful checks to get a shard.
Failures
Successes
Shard
1 - 3
40
5 lb
4 - 6
40
4 lb
7 - 9
40
3 lb
10 - 15
40
2 lb
16 - 20
40
1 lb
17 - 25
40
10 oz
26 - 30
40
6 oz
31 - 35
40
4 oz
36 - 40
40
2 oz
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Success
Failure
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
Success
Failure
Zehas Volcano
Story Overview
Adventure Summary
Introduction
Zehas (City)
Approaching the city
People (NPCs)
Grand Hall
Taverns/Inns/Shops
Road to Volcano
Volcano
Entrance
Lava Pools
More Lava Pools
Cool chamber
Blocked path
Hardening Lava
Single Lava Pool
Cool chamber
Blocked path
Hot room
Lava Field and Portal room
Elemental plane of Fire portal
Conclusion
Zehas Volcano
Story Overview
A volcano in the Zrelian Dynasty erupted and the resulting earthquake was felt for thousands of miles across Asceveron.  Early reports indicated that it was a major eruption and the city of Zehas, sitting at the base of the volcano, was devastated.
Was this a natural occurrence?  If so, why was the eruption so large and how could it be that the earthquake spread so far from the volcano’s location?
Adventure Summary
The heroes will need to speak to the remaining townsfolk of Zehas and understand the events leading up to the eruption.  They may choose to assist the denizens with rebuilding the city or may want to make their way to the volcano more quickly.
The volcano will be challenging as it is extremely hot.  Potions of Fire resistance maybe be required to survive delving into its depths.  Various elementals will make their passage even more difficult.  Some areas within the volcano provide a respite from the heat and may allow for the party to rest if needed.  Either way, what lies at the end of the path is something truly terrifying.
This adventure has been designed to be challenging for:
6-8 Characters of 9th level
4-5 Characters of 11th level
Adventure Hooks:
Your god presented you a vision of destruction in your sleep.  You saw a Titanic fire monster blast through the top of the volcano, reducing it to a burning pile of lava and rock.  When you woke from your dream, you felt the earthquake.
You felt the earthquake and within days the story of the destruction of Zehas draws you to see what kind of power could cause such and earthquake.
You are part of the Zrelian Dynasty and are drawn to Zehas to help its people rebuild.
Introduction
Many of you may have felt the earthquake that rocked Asceveron.  It has taken some time to finally arrive at the location to see first-hand if the reported destruction is as bad as what was reported.  You may ask yourself, what kind of force could be so powerful that it produced an earthquake that was felt across the entire continent?
Reaching the city by ship is a fairly easy task as Zehas sits on the lower Resant Sea.
Zehas (City)
Zehas is an ancient city in the Zrelian Dynasty.  It is a bastion of life and many types of humanoids call it home.  Even some monstrous races that would otherwise not be a part of society reside within the city.  It has survived war, famine, and even previous volcanic eruptions.  This eruption was something different and nearly wiped Zehas off of the face of the Eldarum.
Approaching the city
Whether by land or sea:
As the city begins to be visible, you see black and white smoke still rising from the volcano.  As you get closer, you begin to see the outline of what used to be a city.  Smoldering rubble occupies a large space between the volcano and the sea.
As you get closer, you can see the destruction first-hand.  Most of the buildings lie in ruin.  Where many of the streets existed, black rock creeps towards the sea.  Periodically, you see the red lava peek through as the rock slowly moves.  Where the rock meets the sea, lava is pouring out of the black rock and pours into the water.  Mostly obscured with steam, you get momentary glimpses of the expansion of the land by this black rock.
As you enter the city, you see varied small groups of people picking through the rubble, there seems to be a larger group building a few wooden structures on the northern edge of town, well away from the slow lava flow.  A makeshift town has been built here consisting of wooden buildings surrounded by tents.  A central worn path has been worn in between the buildings, exposing the reddish-black soil that lies beneath.
People (NPCs)(Details Appendix A)
High Priestess Lorleth (F) (Kalashtar)
Xantha Gelder (F) (Fire Genasi)Aymon Dapperly (F) (Goliath)
Bardol Bainard (M) (Lizardfolk)Milicent Mund (F) (Tabaxi)Dedric Payne (M) (Human)
Eve Tanner (F) (Human)
Dennet Roseport (M) (Human)
Adelia Houndstooth (F) (Gnome)
Grand Hall
The ruins of the great hall still partially stand in the city center.  What remained in the ruins has since been moved.  On the edge of town where the new wooden structures are taking shape, the largest building is the new temporary Grand Hall.
If the heroes ask about the new grand hall read the following:
After the city was destroyed, the survivors who were not taking care of the dead or wounded began constructing a new Grand Hall to house the people, goods, and historical documents that survived the eruption.  The building isn’t much yet, but it has already helped the town survive while we build temporary living spaces.
Taverns/Inns/Shops
All of the Taverns, Inns, and Shops in the city were destroyed in the eruption.  The makeshift wooden town is starting to build some of them back, but in the lack of formal businesses, the new Grand Hall serves the needs.
If the heroes ask where to sleep, eat, or get items they are told:
All of the shops, taverns and inns have been destroyed.  If you are here to assist the city, you may sleep in the central chamber of the Grand Hall.  Food and drink are served in the makeshift dining hall.  Most of the items that have survived are in the storeroom and are being used to rebuild.  If you have any items you would like to donate to the cause, they will get put to use immediately.
Road to Volcano
A paved road leads to the volcano and was used in the past to gather obsidian for trade.  The road is damaged with lava crossing it at points, but should mostly be passable.  It leads to an old lava tube, but no one knows what the state of the lava tube is now after the eruption.
If asked how to get to the volcano read the following (From High Priestess Lorleth):
The “Obsidian Road” leads from the far end of the city to the Volcano.  It was formally used to gather obsidian to be brought to the docks for trade.  The city once had several jewelers who would use the obsidian to make many beautiful sculptures and jewelry.
We have not been on the road since the destruction, but it was made of stone and is probably mostly passable if not covered in lava.  It leads to an old lava vent where we mined the obsidian.
Volcano (Map)
Within the volcano chamber, the heat is a continuous problem for the heroes.  Once they arrive at the Entrance, have them roll INITIATIVE.  As they move through the volcano chamber, they will remain in initiative for the purposes of heat damage. They will take damage every round on a count of 20 as they progress through the tunnel.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 13).  1d4 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.
There are two locations 4a and 8 that are “Cool zones”. The initiative ends if the players stay here.  Roll Initiative again once they leave this space.
Ceilings in the tunnels are as tall as they are wide.
Ceilings in the chambers are 30 ft high with the exception of chamber 12.
Ceilings in chamber 12 are 45 ft high.
LAVA RULES:
Creatures under the effect of Water Walk do not take damage from touching the lava.  They do however suffer the effects of the heat of the lava as printed on the map.
Various areas of lava have different levels of damage based on the heat that they produce.  All damage amounts are marked on the map.
Lava pools:
A creature who touches the lava that is not immune to fire damage suffers 6d10 fire damage each round that they are in contact with the orange lava.
A creature who submerges a body part in lava suffers 10d10 fire damage each round that they the body part is in the orange lava.
A creature who is fully submerged in lava suffers 18d10 fire damage each round that they the body part is in the orange lava.
Show the map to the players.  They will start in the upper left corner marked 1 on the map.
Entrance
As the last remnants of the road end, in front of you is a round cave going downward into the mountain at a 20-degree angle.  A continuous blast of heat dries your faces as you move closer.
As you enter the cave, you stand up to the heat as you traverse the black rock floor for several hundred feet.  As you push further, the heat increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 13).  1d4 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every minute spent here.
The heat is oppressive, but looking ahead you see light emanating from the tunnel beyond.
Lava Pools
As you enter this room, you see two pools of bubbling lava. Two other passages split off from this opening. As you enter the room, the heat increases
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 15).  1d6 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
As you walk into the room, two lava creatures crawl out of the lava pools and attack you.  INITIATIVE FOR FIRENEWT WARRIORS
ENCOUNTER:
2 Firenewt Warriors
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this room is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
More Lava Pools
As you enter this room, you see four pools of bubbling lava. The passage continues from this opening. As you enter the room, the heat increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 15).  1d6 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
As you walk into the room, four lava creatures crawl out of the lava pools and attack you.  INITIATIVE FOR FIRENEWT WARRIORS
ENCOUNTER:
2 Firenewt Warriors
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this room is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Blocked Path
As you enter this room, you see a larger room with a dark corner.  Ahead, you see a pool of bubbling lava blocking the path. You also notice a darker area of the room in a small alcove.
When the players cross over the lava read:
As you approach the lava, the heat on your face and body increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 18).  2d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
As you cross the lava, a lava creature crawls out of the lava pool and attacks you, attempting to block the path. INITIATIVE FOR FIRENEWT WARRIOR
ENCOUNTER:
1 Firenewt Warrior
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this tunnel is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
4a. Cool Chamber
As you approach the small alcove, you notice the heat dissipate a bit.  Walking into the small room you notice that although it remains hot, it is manageable.
In the far corner of the chamber, there is a small alcove that is protected from the heat in the rest of the tunnels.  It is still hot here, but a creature in this area suffers no damage or effect from the heat.
Blocked path
As you continue down the lava tube, you see a large pool of lava blocking your path.  On the other side of the lava pool is an area of lava that is beginning to turn to lava rock.
When the players cross over the lava read:
As you approach and cross over the lava, the heat on your face and body increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 18).  2d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
After 5 ft. of movement which crosses the lava, a large fire elemental crawls out of the lava pool and attempts to block the path and attack you. INITIATIVE FOR FIRE ELEMENTAL.
ENCOUNTER:
1 Fire Elemental
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this area is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Hardening Lava
After you cross the lava, you reach a surface of shifting hot rock, floating on lava.
DEXTERITY SAVING THROW (DC 13).  On a failure, you fall prone, suffering an additional 2d10 fire damage.
While standing on the lava stone, the heat emerges from all of the cracks.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 18).  2d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
Once you enter the lava rock, you see the pool of lava in front of you bubble up as a Fire Elemental emerges from the lava and moves forward to attack you. INITIATIVE FOR FIRE ELEMENTAL.
ENCOUNTER:
1 Fire Elemental
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this area is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Single Lava Pool
As you enter this room, you see a small lava pool in a corner. As you enter the room, the heat increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 15).  1d6 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
As you walk into the room, a lava creature crawls out of the lava pool and attacks you.  INITIATIVE FOR FIRENEWT WARRIOR
ENCOUNTER:
1 Firenewt Warrior
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this room is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Cool chamber
As you enter this chamber, you see two other paths leading out of the chamber and a dark area in the corner.
As you approach the small alcove, you notice the heat dissipate a bit.  Walking into the small room you notice that although it remains hot, it is manageable.
In the far corner of the chamber, there is a small alcove that is protected from the heat in the rest of the tunnels.  It is still hot here, but a creature in this area suffers no damage or effect from the heat.
Blocked path
As you continue down the lava tube, you see a huge pool of lava blocking your path.  You are unable to see around the corner to see how far the lava continues.
When the players cross over the lava read:
As you approach and cross over the lava, the heat on your face and body increases.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 18).  2d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
After 5 ft. of movement which crosses the lava, an armored humanoid shape made of flame crawls out of the lava pool and attempts to block the path. It attacks you with two scimtars. INITIATIVE FOR FIRE ELEMENTAL MYRMIDON.
ENCOUNTER:
1 Fire Elemental Myrmidon
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this area is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Hot room
After making it past the large lava pool that spreads down the tunnel, you notice that the heat in this tunnel is hotter than the others.
When the players are in the lava tube or the room:
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 18).  2d6 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
As you enter the room, you see down the connecting tunnel to see a room completely lit in orange.  Next to you is a long lava pool.
As the players cross the center of the room, read the following:
The heat from the adjoining chamber is immencs.   As you cross the room towards the chamber, a Fire Elemental emerges from the lava pool and attacks. INITIATIVE FOR FIRE ELEMENTAL.
ENCOUNTER:
1 Fire Elemental
TREASURE:
None
Staying in this area is uncomfortable.  Continue saves on initiative count 20.
Elemental plane of Fire portal
As you approach the large lava room, you see a different type of lava.  Super-heated rocks float on a sea of molten lava.
Ahead of you, a massive pool of molten lava bubbles up vigorously, splashing lava up to 15 ft. into the air.  Towards the center, an even hotter lava seems to emanate from a large shimmering crack.
If the players want to discern what the crack is they must get within 30 ft to get a good look at the portal.
The heat above the lava field is searing and is very unstable.  Staying on your feet will not be easy.
If they are walking:
DEXTERITY SAVING THROW (DC 18).  On a failure, you fall prone, suffering an additional 3d10 fire damage.
Whether walking or flying:
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 19).  3d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
If they are waiting at the edge of the lava field for 2 rounds, cast a spell towards the lava or portal or enter the lava field, read the following:
A massive swirling creature made of fire and lava rises out of the lava pool.  INITIATIVE FOR IMIX.
ENCOUNTER:
1 Imix
TREASURE:
None
Once within 30 ft. of the portal they can make an ARCANA CHECK (DC 22) to determine it is a portal to the Elemental Plane of Fire.
On a success read the following:
You are aware of such things that rarely can exist in the world.  This is a Planar portal that appears to connect the Elemental Plane of Fire to the prime material plane.  Whatever created a portal of this size, it must have had immense power.
On a failure they learn nothing.
If the players enter the lava pool in the middle, read the following:
The heat above the lava pool is immense.
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 22).  5d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
ON INITIATIVE COUNT 20, THEY MUST SAVE AGAINST THE HEAT
Elemental plane of Fire portal
REMAIN IN INITIATIVE FOR HEAT.
If the players have not yet tried to discern what the lava pool is, they can make a check now.
If the players want to discern what the crack is they must make an ARCANA CHECK (DC 22) to determine it is a portal to the Elemental Plane of Fire.
On a success read the following:
You are aware of such things that rarely can exist in the world.  This is a Planar portal that appears to connect the Elemental Plane of Fire to the prime material plane.  Whatever created a portal of this size, it must have had immense power.
On a failure they learn nothing.
For every round they remain in the room or move along the lava field, the following applies:
Move on the lava field:
DEXTERITY SAVING THROW (DC 18).  On a failure, you fall prone, suffering an additional 3d10 fire damage.
For every round spent in or above the lava field:
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 19).  3d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
For every round spent in or above the lava pool:
CONSTITUTION SAVING THROW (DC 22).  5d10 fire damage on a failed saving throw, or half as much on a success.  Repeat the save every round spent here.
The players can attempt to close the portal with a successful Dispel Magic check.  The DC for the check is 20 (Equivalent to a level 10 spell).
If the creatures succeed on this check read the following:
You cast the spell on the portal.  As you do, it begins to shrink.  The effect disrupts the lava around the portal and it begins to boil aggressively.  The lava now starts to hit the top of the chamber.
Any creature flying above the lava must immediately make a DEXTERITY SAVING THROW (DC 15) to avoid getting hit by the lava.  They suffer 6d10 fire damage on a failure and no damage on a success as they dodge out of the way.
If the creatures fail this check read the following:
Lava begins to pour out of the portal an begins to fill the room.  The lava level of the room increases and begins to cover the lava field.  It won’t be long before the lava starts to pour out of the chamber.
The lava pool expands.  It expands 20 ft. per round.  The lava continues to expand and fills the entire complex, eventually leaving the mountain.  Their only recourse is to run.
Conclusion
If the players leave the cave without trying to close the portal read this:
The immense heat and Elemental creatures overcome you and you had to make your escape from the heat.  As you do, you exit the mountain.
If the players failed a check on the portal:
You attempt make your escape, the lava flowing behind you.
Improvise they players making it out or not.
As you exit the lava tube back under the sky, you see the lava beginning to fill the tube behind you.  Making it clear of the flow, lava flows towards the already destroyed city and eventually joins another flow out to the sea.
If the successfully closed the portal:
You see as the portal closes behind you in the bubbling lava.  The destruction of the portal causes the lava to begin to harden.  The heat is still immense, but cooling.  As you leave the mountain, you begin to see the smoke coming out of the top start to lessen.
Over the course of the rest of the day, the lava flows slow and then stop.  The smoke stops coming out of the mountain and quiet once again falls over Zehas.
Returning to the town, the signs of the volcano being active start to slow.  If the characters speak with the townsfolk, and tell them about closing the portal, they will be met with joy, elation, and thanks:
High Priestess Lorleth exclaims: “Thanks be to Hazoret!”
“Thank you for your service to Zehas and the Dynasty as a whole.  I wish we had something to offer you.  I will send a message to the capital.  If you visit Kazon, let them know I sent you and what happened here.  What group name shall I provide to The Overseer for your gifts of payment?”
Appendix A:  People (NPCs)
High Priestess Lorleth (F): Kalashtar
Appearance. She is dressed in soiled high-ranking religious robes. She has light skin and golden almond-shaped eyes. Her very long wavy grey hair is tied in a ponytail. She is older, mid-height, and weighs 138 lbs (63 kg).
Personality. She seems to be friends with everyone. She believes it is important to respect tradition and to be gratified. She believes it doesn't matter what others think of you.
Xantha Gelder (F) (Fire Genasi): Acolyte
Appearance. She is dressed in low-ranking religious robes. She has red skin and orange eyes. Her straight red hair is tied in a very long braid. She is very tall. She is young adult, 6 ft, 6 in and weighs 170 lbs.
Personality. She is loyal. She believes you should look out for number one.
Aymon Dapperly (F) (Goliath): Mason
Appearance. She is dressed in basic clothes. She has grey skin and deep-set black eyes. She has short, straight black hair. She is 19 years old (young adult), 7 ft tall, and weighs 233 lbs.
Personality. She is very perceptive. She believes it is important to be mindful of nature and wise. She believes fun distracts you from the important things in life.
Bardol Bainard (M) (Lizardfolk): Merchant
Appearance. He is dressed in merchant clothes. He has dark green skin and yellow eyes. He has dark brown spots on his scales. He is 35 years old (young adult), 4 ft, 10 in. tall, and weighs 80 lbs.
Personality. He is somewhat dull, often staring off into space. He believes it is important to do what you want. He believes natural resources should be exploited rather than preserved.
Milicent Mund (F) (Tabaxi): Warehouse worker
Appearance. She is dressed in dark attire. She has tabby fur and green eyes. She is always sniffling the wind and staring off in the distance. She is 41 years old (adult), 5 ft, 8 in (173 cm) tall, and weighs 120 lbs.
Personality. She is charming and witty. She believes it is important to be respectful of tradition and to honor oaths and commitments. She believes the tried-and-true way is best, creativity is a distraction.
Dedric Payne (M) (Human): Dock worker
Appearance. He is dressed in traveling clothes. He has light skin and brown eyes. He has medium-length curly light brown hair. He has a light brown goatee. He is physically quite weak. He is 26 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 4 in (163 cm) tall, and weighs 166 lbs (75 kg).
Personality. He believes it is important to be obedient and wise. He believes it is better to conquer nature than commune with it.
Eve Tanner (F) (Human): Dock worker
Appearance. She wears commoners clothes. She has bluish green eyes. She is 24 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 2 in (157 cm) tall, and weighs 136 lbs.
Personality. She is a consummate people-person, empathetic and respected. She believes it is important to excel at something and she always pays her debts. She believes people should just try to get along, rather than control one another.
Dennet Roseport (M) (Human): Woodworker
Appearance. He is dressed in work clothes. He has pale skin and brown eyes. He has short, straight black hair. His right leg is missing from a winching accident. He is 34 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 3 in (160 cm) tall, and weighs 140 lbs (64 kg).
Personality. He often makes foolish decisions. He believes life isn't fair and it should be unfair in his favor.
Adelia Houndstooth (F) (Gnome): Merchant
Appearance. She is dressed in expensive robes. She has light tan skin and blue eyes. She has short, wavy red hair. She is scrawny, but has a high pain tolerance. She is 281 years old (adult), 2 ft, 3 in tall, and weighs 45 lbs.
Personality. She believes it is important to choose one's own goals and respect the gods. She believes in holding everyone accountable for their actions.
Ship NPC’s – God Hazoret
Vennove “Wacky Tobacky” Sodagnaeck
Female rock gnome sailor
Appearance. Wacky Tobacky wears plain, functional work clothes. She has tan skin and big, bright brown eyes. Her medium-length wavy brown and gray hair is put up in braids. She rarely drinks. She is 113 years old (adult), 3 ft, 4 in (102 cm) tall, and weighs 40 lbs (18 kg).
Personality. She believes it is important to stand on your own and to be close to other people. She believes one should live fast and die young.
Portar Thenn
Male human grocer
Appearance. Portar wears typical merchant clothes and a white apron. He has tan skin and blue eyes. He has medium-length wavy red hair. He has a red goatee. He is nimble and quick. He is 24 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 4 in (163 cm) tall, and weighs 150 lbs (68 kg).
Personality. He believes it is important to treat others as more important than yourself and he believes the tried and true traditional way is best. He believes it is far better to be kind than to be smart.
Hibkeft
Female goblin day laborer
Appearance. Hibkeft wears plain, functional work clothes. She has pasty, translucent skin and green eyes. Her straight greasy dark brown and gray hair falls to her shoulders. She has a ton of energy, nearly bouncing off the walls. She is 29 years old (adult), 4 ft, 0 in (122 cm) tall, and weighs 42 lbs (19 kg).
Personality. She always has a historical anecdote relevant to the current situation. She does wish people would be more in touch with the natural world and believes it is important to honor your elders. She believes taking risks is usually not worth it.
ORIOT (City) – God Hazoret
Ship name: Galleon, name: Pirouette
Ram
2 ballista
Side shears
mangonel
Population: 4,325
Delmuth Loramys
Male high elf MAYOR
Appearance. Delmuth wears high-quality, practical traveling clothes, and a well-worn cloak. He has ivory skin and hazel almond-shaped eyes. His straight blue hair falls down past his shoulders. He always seems to be breathing heavily. He is 325 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 9 in (175 cm) tall, and weighs 150 lbs (68 kg).
Personality. He does what he can to protect nature and believes it is important to be open-minded. He believes you should treat others as greater than yourself.
Douddeat Barbedfall
Male hill dwarf bookseller
Appearance. Douddeat is smartly dressed, with a pair of reading glasses on a chain around his neck. He has light brown skin and deep-set brown eyes. His dark brown hair is cropped short. He has a long dark brown beard, styled in elaborate braids. His arms are crippled and mangled from long-time injuries. He is 100 years old (adult), 4 ft, 0 in (122 cm) tall, and weighs 155 lbs (70 kg).
Personality. He is well-educated and intimidating. He does what he can to protect nature and believes it is important to be in touch with nature. He believes fun distracts you from the important things in life.
Gouger
Female kenku day laborer
Appearance. Gouger wears plain, functional work clothes. She has dark gray feathers and beady black eyes. She is tall and graceful. She is 25 years old (adult), 6 ft, 2 in (188 cm) tall, and weighs 72 lbs (33 kg).
Personality. She is profoundly disliked wherever she goes. She believes everyone should try to stand on their own and believes it is important to be close to other people. She believes it doesn't matter what others think of you.
Pirouette ships crew (Galleon):
Position
Name
Responsibilities
Wages (in gp)
Daily
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Captain
Human (M)
Ailas Ravaran
Overall responsibility, voyage planning, money
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
Quarter Master
Elf (M)
Born Pierson
2nd in command, maintain order, punishment
7
14
21
28
35
42
49
56
63
70
Surgeon
Firbolg (M)
Kurtis Thrall
Amputations, general doctoring
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
Sailing Master
Human (M)
Asir Korsk
Navigation, sailing, maps, instruments
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
Coxswain
Goliath (M)
Raymond Bound
Steers the ship and rowboats
3
6
9
12
15
18
21
24
27
30
Navigator
Gome (M)
Yapol Hari
Can be handled by Sailing Master
3
6
9
12
15
18
21
24
27
30
Bosun / Boatswain
Half-Elf (M)
Rob Bowers
Supervise stores, maintenance, anchor, sails, inspection
4
8
12
16
20
24
28
32
36
40
Carpenter
Human (M)
Mozen Ven
Maitenance, hull repair, masts and yards, inpection
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
Cook
Half-Orc (M)
Naguk
cooks crew and passanger meails
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
Rigger
Human (F)
Emma  Bellows
furl/release sails, check rigging
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
Bosuns' Mate
Goliath (F)
Em Sokred
apprentice to boatswain
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
First Mate
Tabaxi (M)
Caralus Pumanath
Overall responsibility for mates and hands
3.6
7.2
11
14
18
22
25
29
32
36
Mate
Tiefling (M)
John Miam
Sailing, assisting other crew, Misc.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Mate
Human (M)
Stern Secedond
Sailing, assisting other crew, Misc.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Swabbie
Human (M)
Ovan Nirsk
Mopped the decks, general cleaning
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2
Cabin Boy
Human (M)
Jamie McGee
Tend to passenger needs
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2
Ship NPC’s – God Hazoret
Vennove “Wacky Tobacky” Sodagnaeck
Female rock gnome sailor
Appearance. Wacky Tobacky wears plain, functional work clothes. She has tan skin and big, bright brown eyes. Her medium-length wavy brown and gray hair is put up in braids. She rarely drinks. She is 113 years old (adult), 3 ft, 4 in (102 cm) tall, and weighs 40 lbs (18 kg).
Personality. She believes it is important to stand on your own and to be close to other people. She believes one should live fast and die young.
Portar Thenn
Male human grocer
Appearance. Portar wears typical merchant clothes and a white apron. He has tan skin and blue eyes. He has medium-length wavy red hair. He has a red goatee. He is nimble and quick. He is 24 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 4 in (163 cm) tall, and weighs 150 lbs (68 kg).
Personality. He believes it is important to treat others as more important than yourself and he believes the tried and true traditional way is best. He believes it is far better to be kind than to be smart.
Hibkeft
Female goblin day laborer
Appearance. Hibkeft wears plain, functional work clothes. She has pasty, translucent skin and green eyes. Her straight greasy dark brown and gray hair falls to her shoulders. She has a ton of energy, nearly bouncing off the walls. She is 29 years old (adult), 4 ft, 0 in (122 cm) tall, and weighs 42 lbs (19 kg).
Personality. She always has a historical anecdote relevant to the current situation. She does wish people would be more in touch with the natural world and believes it is important to honor your elders. She believes taking risks is usually not worth it.
ORIOT (City) – God Hazoret
Ship name: Galleon, name: Pirouette
Ram
2 ballista
Side shears
mangonel
Population: 4,325
Delmuth Loramys
Male high elf MAYOR
Appearance. Delmuth wears high-quality, practical traveling clothes, and a well-worn cloak. He has ivory skin and hazel almond-shaped eyes. His straight blue hair falls down past his shoulders. He always seems to be breathing heavily. He is 325 years old (young adult), 5 ft, 9 in (175 cm) tall, and weighs 150 lbs (68 kg).
Personality. He does what he can to protect nature and believes it is important to be open-minded. He believes you should treat others as greater than yourself.
Douddeat Barbedfall
Male hill dwarf bookseller
Appearance. Douddeat is smartly dressed, with a pair of reading glasses on a chain around his neck. He has light brown skin and deep-set brown eyes. His dark brown hair is cropped short. He has a long dark brown beard, styled in elaborate braids. His arms are crippled and mangled from long-time injuries. He is 100 years old (adult), 4 ft, 0 in (122 cm) tall, and weighs 155 lbs (70 kg).
Personality. He is well-educated and intimidating. He does what he can to protect nature and believes it is important to be in touch with nature. He believes fun distracts you from the important things in life.
Gouger
Female kenku day laborer
Appearance. Gouger wears plain, functional work clothes. She has dark gray feathers and beady black eyes. She is tall and graceful. She is 25 years old (adult), 6 ft, 2 in (188 cm) tall, and weighs 72 lbs (33 kg).
Personality. She is profoundly disliked wherever she goes. She believes everyone should try to stand on their own and believes it is important to be close to other people. She believes it doesn't matter what others think of you.
They traveled the sea towards Narlow.  During this adventure, they battled a huge dragon which almost sacked the ship, and they encountered a strange time-matter stormed that changed the reality of time, space, and matter.  Making it through the other encounters, they eventually make it to Narlow.
Ship: Galleon
Name: Pirouette
Armament: Ram, 2 ballista – Midship, Side shears, mangonel
Position
Name
Responsibilities
Captain
Human (M)
Ailas Ravaran
Overall responsibility, voyage planning, money
Quarter Master
Elf (M)
Born Pierson
2nd in command, maintain order, punishment
Surgeon
Firbolg (M)
Kurtis Trill
Amputations, general doctoring
Sailing Master
Human (M)
Gaven Korsk
Navigation, sailing, maps, instruments
Coxswain
Goliath (M)
Menard Bound
Steers the ship and rowboats
Navigator
Gnome (M)
Yapol Hari
Can be handled by Sailing Master
Bosun / Boatswain
Half-Elf (M)
Tyrthorn Erhana
Supervise stores, maintenance, anchor, sails, inspection
Carpenter
Human (M)
Delmer Ven
Maintenance, hull repair, masts and yards, inspection
Cook
Half-Orc (M)
Naguk
cooks crew and passenger meals
Rigger
Human (F)
Emma  Bellows
furl/release sails, check rigging
Bosuns' Mate
Goliath (F)
Em Sokred
apprentice to boatswain
First Mate
Tabaxi (M)
Gere Pumanath
Overall responsibility for mates and hands
Mate
Tiefling (M)
John Miam
Sailing, assisting other crew, Misc.
Mate
Human (M)
Stern Secedond
Sailing, assisting other crew, Misc.
Swabbie
Human (M)
Ovan Nirsk
Mopped the decks, general cleaning
Cabin Boy
Human (M)
Jamie McGee
Tend to passenger needs
Jaeden, Isaac, Russ, Don, Chapin, Kostja, Marino, Answald, Wardell, Derrik, Courtnay, Silvio, Quinn, Laslo, Acton
City/Village
Pop.
Category
Acres
Water
Guard
Alchemy
Markets
Services
Inns
Temples (Clergy)
Magic
Taverns
Blacksmith/Leather
Booksellers
Goods
Antippe
334
Village
5
Ocean
2
1
2
5
1
3
0
2
2
0
4
Arbington
18,957
City
312
Ocean
126
34
112
307
47
142
5
114
95
9
237
Asder
126
Small Vill
2
Bay
1
0
1
2
1
1
0
1
1
0
2
Aurlen
4,261
L Town
70
Sea
28
8
25
69
11
32
1
26
21
2
53
Blindmouth
2,255
Town
37
Ocean
15
4
13
37
6
17
1
14
11
1
28
Chotoise
48,124
Big City
793
Ocean
321
87
284
780
120
361
12
289
241
24
602
Clearham
327
Village
5
Sea
2
1
2
5
1
2
0
2
2
0
4
Farwell
4,991
L Town
82
Ocean
25
9
29
81
12
37
1
30
25
2
62
Laufenneuve
492
Village
8
Sea
3
1
3
8
1
4
0
3
2
0
6
Marlet
75
Tiny Vill
1
Sea
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
1
Rageglen
4,758
L Town
78
Sea
24
9
28
77
12
36
1
29
24
2
59
Rockbay
46,951
Big City
773
Ocean
313
85
277
761
117
352
12
282
235
23
587
Trahal
426
Village
7
Sea
2
1
3
7
1
3
0
3
2
0
5
Vierveil
297
Small Vill
5
Sea
2
1
2
5
1
2
0
2
1
0
4
Antippe – 334, Asder – 126, Clearham – 327, Laufenneuve – 492, Marlet – 75, Trahal – 426, Vierveil - 297
Male Names
Evrart Bouthillier
Ascelinus Lalande
Michiel Bélanger
Petrus Delon
Jaquin Ménétries
Bertin Bombelle
Symon Laffitte
Herle Barreau
Landricus Bouchard
Girout Favre
Baudoin Garreau
Bastien Crépin
Daniel Ouvrard
Colinet Ménard
Marcelet Aubert
Audenin Léger
Hemonnet Peltier
Rolin Vérany
Female Names
Margeria Geffroy
Hatuisa Lefeuvre
Burgis Bachelet
Gilia Gaumont
Helvisa Benett
Mogg Bousquet
Reina Joguet
Nicholaa Mignard
Bertha Prudhomme
Delicata Plantier
Hebreia Dubuisson
Iuetta Duhamel
Matill' Gachet
Ida Masson
Giliana Deniau
Hawis Couvreur
Mahalt Beauvais
Muriellis Reau
Aurlen – 4,261, Blindmouth – 2,255, Ragelan – 4,758, Farwell – 4,991
Male Names
Cardin Bouthillier
Boutart Cailloux
Ymbelot Lemaître
Michel Vaugeois
Arnoullet Boulle
Galoys Allaire
Adenet Gounelle
Marcelet Genet
Arnoulet Brugière
Oudinet Dembélé
Garnerus Sartre
Ysambart Bureau
Poncellet Dior
Clement Malet
Bastien Gigot
Hervé De Guignes
Guion Girard
Mahieu Héroux
Female Names
Havisa Dembélé
Legardis Ancel
Mabill Dubos
Hatvid Pichard
Egelina Jacquinot
Adelida Ardouin
Odelda Bardin
Muriela Rodin
Lucia Figuier
Deifrida Brunelle
Luce Trintignant
Lecia Cochet
Egelina Lavigne
Alina Didier
Giliana Deniau
Sefridis Aliker
Giliana Gallois
Maysant Geiger
Arbington – 18,957
Male Names
Guiot Ancel
Gerard Cerf
Guion Fouquet
Bellus Crevier
Martinus Lavigne
Talbot Boutin
Guerin Daucourt
Thierry Hébras
Evrard Delon
Huchon Seyrès
Henry Corriveau
Robinet Massé
Oudinet Dubost
Lancelet Dujardin
Girard Plessis
Alardus Gigot
Dreue Brunelle
Thomas Calvet
Female Names
Anneis Cerfbeer
Bona Sadoul
Belsante Silvestre
Bertha Jacquier
Aelisia Boudet
Cassandra LeBeau
Rosza Bruguière
Avenia Allemand
Wimarc Auger
Malle Giraud
Auisia Clérisseau
Ahelissa Chapelle
Mogg Niel
Bertha Tourneur
Herleva Bonnot
Eglentina Milhaud
Joetta Regnard
Emmelina Ange
Rockbay – 46,951
Male Names
Collinet Brasseur
Julien Aveline
Gieffrin Lebas
Vincent Galopin
Hebert Fournier
Mahieu Carrel
Pierre Landry
Alixandre Stuart
Tallebot Rigal
Bureau Lajoie
Henrry Delon
Sauvaige Vidal
Henry Delisle
Gervaisot Boutet
Henryet Pinchon
Boutart Héroux
Gillebert Anouilh
Aubin Parmentier
Female Names
Sibilla Mazet
Emelot Hérisson
Helena Nee
Eulalia Chaney
Legarda Ponce
Mautild Lussier
Havidis Chevalier
Anestasia Baudet
Alis Vigouroux
Mactildis Girault
Helewis Plessis
Legardis Duclos
Clericia Gaubert
Mautild Courbet
Herleva Lozé
Emeloth Martin
Oriolda Vidal
Belsant Beaux
Chotoise – 48,124
Male Names
Albert Niel
Oudart Dupuis
Tassin Duhamel
Raymon Baillieu
Henrriet Didier
Guiot Geiger
Garnier Cousteau
Richart Brunelle
Colart Bourdon
Lancelot Bachelot
Jaquot Chapuis
Symon Darche
Julien Chopin
Volo Féret
Guion Pelletier
Augé Pascal
Odo Crépin
Female Names
Gillota Lagarde
Tola Maret
Malota Bassot
Justa Bessette
Auizia Delaunay
Havisa Fresnel
Murielis Barbeau
Alot Figuier
Hodierna Leclère
Ragenilda Halphen
Agnes Genest
Amanda Vallotton
Anestasia Ponce
Reina Soyer
Alot Lièvremont
Malina Chauve
Tavern Names
The Bizarre Stag
The Messy Lamp
Twin Parsnip Tavern
Armed Eagles Pub
The High Stick
Raeglan
Imbert Dubost
Albercia Trottier
Inn Names
Autumn Spire Inn
Light Manor
Pleasantview Inn
Prism Hotel
Marina Hill Inn
Blacksmith Names
Ore of Fire
The Ancient Anvil
Steel Arms
The Eternal Flame
Blue Blazes
Magic Shop Names
Bloodstone Leap
la Vision
la Sphere
The Black Couldron
The Glass Tome
Guion Pelletier
Alchemy Shop Names
Hidden Treasures
Black Onyx
Grand Elixirs
Mystical Essence
Marvelous Potions
Erma Serre
Ragenilda Halphen
Brewery Names
Brasserie l'Aerie
Twin Barrel Brewers
Alabaster Brewing co
Brasseurs Victoire
Starlight Brewery
Bakery Names
Blissful Bites
Piece of the Pie
Sweetie Pies
Creative Treats
Cakewalkers
Café Names
Steamy Tearoom
Indulging Luncheonet
Last Drop Bistro
Pan au Chaud
Secret Spring Café
General Store Names
The Blissful Mirror
The Glass Bird
The Quiet Writer
The Rug Boutique
The Rainy Pot
Library Names
Curio Athenaeum
Biblitheque de Curio
Mirage Bibliotheque
Tranqility Athenaeum
Bibliotheque Sacree
Spa Names
Golden Oaks Spa
Six Sens
Serenite
Libellule Luxe
Saules Argentes
Temple Names
The Animus Yew
The Phoquitalis
l'Ashadhuru
la Celeaqira
Chapel of Holy Isle
Mountain Names
le Pic Fache
la Monts Raides
Sinree Rise
Bexrial Tops
les Puys Calmes
Magical Storm
Enchantment
Storms infused with enchantment magic disarm a creature’s sense of danger, enthralling mariners and causing them to speed into danger. During the storm, any checks made to resolve hazards or manage the ship are made with disadvantage.
Illusion
A storm brimming with illusions poses little direct harm to a ship, but experienced navigators know it poses an insidious threat. During the storm, the ship travels in a random direction that isn’t its intended course.
Transmutation
These violently unpredictable storms cause the waves to warp and twist. The storm transforms the water around the ship into an amalgamation of ice, stone, and stranger materials, making travel difficult and damaging the ship. The ship’s hull takes 4d10 bludgeoning damage, and the ship’s speed decreases by half during the storm.
Abjuration
A storm infused with abjuration magic repels ships, as if protecting something in the sea. Right before the storm ends, a ship within it is teleported 5d20 miles in a random direction.
Whirlpool
Whirlpool Checks
OfficerCheck
CaptainIntelligence (water vehicles)
First mateCharisma (Intimidation)
BosunStrength (carpenter's tools)
QuartermasterWisdom (Nature)
Whirlpool Check Results
ResultEffect
Total SuccessThe vessel uses the whirlpool to its advantage and increases its speed by 20 ft. during its current turn.
SuccessThe vessel can move normally on its turn.
FailureThe vessel is immediately moved toward the vortex’s center at the whirlpool’s velocity, and the vessel is restrained by the whirlpool until the start of its next turn.
Total FailureAs a failure. Additionally, if the vessel is in the whirlpool at the start of its next turn, all checks the vessel makes to determine the whirlpool’s effects are made with disadvantage on that turn.
Kelp Forest – 5 Giant Shark
Kelp grows in dense forests across the ocean floor. Most forests are found within depths of less than 100 feet near the shoreline, and range from 10 feet to over 100 miles in length and width. The kelp grows in vines up to 175 feet in length.
Kelp roots are shallow, and a whole forest can be uprooted by a strong storm. But it grows at a rapid pace, sometimes as much as 18 inches a day, meaning that a kelp forest can spring up quickly. Such forests can hide thousands of small fish and other prey animals, which attract predators. The forest is so dense that anything within it is heavily obscured to an observer more than 10 feet away, and the whole area is difficult terrain.
Bronze dragons actively oppose tyranny, and many bronze dragons yearn to test their mettle by putting their size and strength to good use.
Once a bronze dragon commits to a cause, it remains a staunch ally.
When a bronze dragon pledges to help an army wage war against tyranny, it asks for nominal payment.
If such a request is beyond its allies’ means, it might settle for a collection of old books on military history or a ceremonial item commemorating the alliance.
Blue Dragon: Tazzivamn, old foe to Nithariel
Ancient Bronze Dragon: Nithariel, The Bronze
STORM LORD VISIONS…FOR AMARA
As you fall asleep with the distant rumble of the perpetual storm, the darkness takes you with thoughts of the Storm Lord and your purpose in your mind.
You awaken to drops of cold rain hitting your face.  You lie in a puddle of mud on a steep slope, feeling the soreness from a recent battle.
You realize that you are on a mountain side.  Sharp, jagged rocks surround you on this steep slope.  Rain runs down the mountain and pools in muddy outcroppings in the depressions left between the rocks.  You see flashes of light from higher up the mountain, but the rain makes it difficult to make out any detail.
WHAT DO YOU DO?  Checks…
As you climb, make an Athletics check.
You climb, at times struggling to get your footing on the wet slippery rock.  Eventually, you approach the summit of the mountain.  You see a powerful storm swirling around the summit.  The wind makes the now nearly freezing rain sting the right side of your body.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
As you push forward into the storm, lightning flashes and nearly deafening thunder immediately follows.  You can barely see your own hand in front of you as the swirly wind and intense freezing rain and clouds make it nearly a white out.
Make a perception check…
You swear you hear something on the thunder…You steel your senses and you distinguish a grumbly voice in the storm.  PROVE THYSELF.  The storm intensifies, the lightning focuses on a directly in front of you.  Striking in seemingly the same place over and over again.
WHAT DO YOU DO?  Repeat until she steps in the lightning.
As you step forward into the lightning, an immediate sensation of your skin being on fire takes you as the electricity flows throughout your body.  Surrounded by light, you feel as though you are moving and an impossible speed through the air.  The freezing rain biting into your face and body painfully.  Ice begins to accumulate at a rapid pace of the entire front side of your body, icicles begin to form streaming off behind you.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
In seemingly an instant, you find yourself flying towards a clearing.  The clouds start to open and you see a wall of clouds 360 degrees around you.  Above this massive opening a vengeful looking cloud eerily looms above you.  Flashes of lighting all around in the clouds reveal Titanic shapes in shadow moving within.  The Lightning cracks and you hear “SEEK AND DESTROY”.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
As you approach forward, a shadowy Titan made of clouds emerges from the edge and rush in to attack you.  You feal miniscule in size compared to this creature.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
It strikes you, removing half of your hit points.
WHAT DO YOU DO?  The voice says, USE THE STORM.
She can pull the wisps of storm out and use to her advantage.  She can pull lightning out of the cloud and use it to attack.
After she strikes the titan form, it reels in pain.  It goes in for another strike, and nearly nocks you out with that blow.  You are now at 1 hit point.  The thunder cracks and you hear “Unleash the storm”.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
Nothing happens.  Where do you draw your power from.? The thunder asks.
WHAT DO YOU ANSWER?
As you muster the power of the storm lord, A series of massive lightning bolts strike out from the clouds above and a hurricane of wind batters the Titan from every side, twisting it and dissipating the shadow.
Another Gigantic shadow approaches out of the side wall.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
As you harness the true powers of the storm, you combine your attack with the storm, smiting your foe, dissipating it to nothing.  Lightning flashes, driving into your body again.  You find yourself again flying through the storm, nearly unable to survive the ice that hits you.
You land again on the mountain top as the storm begins to dissipate. In the final rumple of Thunder you hear.  BE READY.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
You wake, feeling cold.  As you do, the ice that has gathered on you in the storm is now visible and drops to your side.
INYE 5 DAYS OF COMMUNE LEARNING
Harness divine power
Storms Wrath
150ft range
level # d10’s Lightning damage
Dexterity save
Save STR + Proficiency +8 = 16
1 Ancient Blue Dragon (DEADLY) + Ancient Bronze Dragon (ALLY)
1 Leviathan (MEDIUM)
1 Kraken Priest + 2 Kraken Spawn (HARD)
1 Marid + 1 Water Elemental Myrmidon + 1 Water Elemental (HARD)
2 Wastrilith (Demons) – Near the Crushing Depths
The Mysterious Turmoil in Narlow
Orley, Thug, common woman
Story Overview
Adventure Summary
Introduction
Getting to know Narlow
The Flame Heart Citadel
Inns
Taverns
Temples
The Grand Square Marketplace
Point de Rose steam baths
Dalden Mill
Merchant Navy Headquarters
5 Houses of Narlow:
Temple of Self
Ravenwood Prison
The Diamond Casino
The Mahrdaki warehouse
Mahrdaki Mansion
The Crushing Depths
Appendix
NPCs:
NOTABLE NPC’S:
Thommas Auvray – Anoceth’s Dad – Captain in Merchant Navy
Thommas is currently out at sea headed to Lucani.
Amabillia Auvray – Anoceth’s Mom – Home maker
Amabillia is at home.  At this point she is just taking care of herself, the home, and Adela still lives with her.
Bellus Auvray – Anoceth’s Brother – Master Blacksmith @ Clamorize Works in Market district
Adela Auvray – Anoceth’s Younger sister – Bookkeeper: Long Trading Co.
Busy with work.  Gone from 7am – 7 pm daily
Admiral Garelet Bouchet – Merchant Navy Admiral
Flame Heart CitadelFlame Heart Citadel
Flame Heart Citadel
Flame Heart Citadel
PrisonPrisonCasinoCasinoTemple of SelfTemple of SelfMahrdaki warehouseMahrdaki warehouseMahrdaki MansionMahrdaki MansionCrushing DepthsCrushing Depths
Prison
Prison
Casino
Casino
Temple of Self
Temple of Self
Mahrdaki warehouse
Mahrdaki warehouse
Mahrdaki Mansion
Mahrdaki Mansion
Crushing Depths
Crushing Depths
Story Overview:
Narlow has always been the prosperous capital city of the Sverge Republic.  The shipping and trading industry within the city have provided its denizens with a comfortable lifestyle.  The 5 main families in the city who run the largest trading and shipping companies rule the city light touch, ensuring that prosperity is available to all whom live and work there.  Compared to the other kingdoms and dynasties throughout the world, the Sverge Republic and Narlow in particular is a polished example of how life can be lived.
With the overall happiness and prosperity of the peoples of Narlow, it came to a surprise to the city leaders that a wave of crime has beset the city.  As the guards of the city seek answers, they are met with silence from those who have been caught and convicted of these crimes.  The investigations into the root cause of the increased crime have left them with no answers.  Perhaps a group of adventurers may be able to use their special abilities to determine the cause of the unrest and come to a solution to stop this chaos for good.
Adventure Summary:
Narlow has a distinctly French feel to the city both in names and architecture.  The characters will need to speak to many NPC’s throughout the city to obtain leads, track them down, and solve the mystery.  What information does the city guard know to this point and why have they been unsuccessful in finding answers?  What do the prisoners have to say about why they committed these crimes?  Who is Abeau Mahrdaki and how has he quickly become one of the wealthiest people in the city after only a few months?
This adventure will have the adventurers move their way through the city visiting various locations to speak with interesting people in their attempt to get answers.  What they eventually find out with shake them to their core and set them up for several challenging fights to regain control over the city.  Once they uncover the infernal plot, they will need to confront the Crushing depths cult and end the violence once and for all.
This adventure was designed to be a challenge for various numbers of players and levels of characters.  If you want to increase the challenge for your players, drop the level by 1 for each group to levels 8-12 rather than 9-13.  This adventure should be able to be completed with 2-3 4 hour sessions and the characters will level up upon conquering the Crushing depths cult.
4 adventurers of 13th level
5 adventurers of 12th level
6 adventurers of 11th level
7 adventurers of 10th level
8 adventurers of 9th level
Introduction:
Narlow sits well inland from many other large capital cities.  Built on the Choral River, its large shipping and trading industry is the most far reaching in all of Eldarum.  The city being away from the coast has granted it natural protection from storms and sea sieges over the centuries.
You party has heard that the wealthy city is in turmoil and the rich leaders of the city are offering substantial payment to determine the cause and end the chaos that has ravaged the cities denizens.  As you enter the city, things appear normal on the surface.  The posting that you saw indicated that anyone seeking to help with the investigation should speak Gilbert Genest in the Flame Heart Citadel for more information.
Getting to know Narlow
The Flame Heart Citadel (MAP LOCATION A)
Abélard Corne (M)
Gérald Vaugrenard (M)
Simon Bozonnet (M)
Anna Marchal (F)
Inns
Royal Inn & Baths (Aristocratic) – Avg night 20 gp (MAP LOCATION 8)
Marie-Louise Brosseau (F)
Évelyne Bourguignon (F)
Sapphire Angel Inn (Wealthy) – Avg night 4 gp (MAP LOCATION 9)
Simonne Pélissier (F)
Florian Barbier (F)
The Azure (Comfortable) – Avg night 4 sp (MAP LOCATION 10)
Médard Lavigne (M)
Breakwater Inn (Modest) – Avg night 1 sp (MAP LOCATION 11)
Aymeric Lozé (M)
The Lunar Inn (Poor) – Avg night 5 cp (MAP LOCATION 12)
Lydia Reverdin (F)
Taverns
The Bronze Dagger (Poor) – Avg drink 1 cp, food 1 cp (MAP LOCATION 4)
Laëtitia Beauvais (F)
Katia Lavigne (F)
The Canary (Wealthy) – Avg drink 2 sp, food 4 sp (MAP LOCATION 5)
Arsène Manaudou (M)
The Silver Twig (Modest) – Avg drink 2 cp, food 4 cp (MAP LOCATION 6)
Germain Lozé (M)
The Spirit Crypt (Aristocratic) – Avg drink 1 gp, food 4 gp (MAP LOCATION 7)
Alexis Philippon (F)
Temples
Nola’s Sanctum (MAP LOCATION 14)
Valé Chauveau (M)
Lineie Leblanc (F)
Thierry Barnier (M)
La Chappelle d’Maesis (MAP LOCATION 15)
Augustine Boissieu (M)
Emmanuelle Brousseau (F)
The Grand Square Marketplace (MAP LOCATION 20)
Pheonix Wandwright
Natacha Tomas (F) (Human)
Staff of Charming
Rare
12,000 gp
Staff of Fire
Very Rare
16,000 gp
Staff of Striking
Very Rare
21,000 gp
Staff of Swarming Insects
Rare
16,000 gp
Staff of the Adder
Uncommon
1,800 gp
Staff of the Python
Uncommon
2,000 gp
Staff of Withering
Rare
3,000 gp
Wand of Binding
Rare
10,000 gp
Wand of Enemy Detection
Rare
4,000 gp
Wand of Fear
Rare
10,000 gp
Wand of Magic Missiles
Uncommon
8,000 gp
Wand of Secrets
Uncommon
1,500 gp
Wand of Web
Uncommon
8,000 gp
Staff of Adornment
Common
50 gp
Staff of Birdcalls
Common
100 gp
Staff of Flowers
Common
75 gp
Wand of Conducting
Common
50 gp
Wand of Pyrotechnics
Common
100 gp
Wand of Scowls
Common
25 gp
Wand of Smiles
Common
25 gp
Wand Sheath
Common
50 gp
Wand of Entangle
Uncommon
4000 gp
La Prevoyance (General Store)
Florent Pierlot (F) (Gnome)
Danie Bélanger (M) (Human)
Fromboise Smithery
Jean-Paul LaFramboise (M) (Dwarf)
+1 Battleaxe
Uncommon
1,010 gp
+1 Heavy Crossbow
Uncommon
1,050 gp
+1 Mace
Uncommon
1,010 gp
+1 Sling
Uncommon
1,000 gp
+1 Warhammer
Uncommon
1,020 gp
+2 Blowgun
Rare
4,010 gp
+2 Club
Rare
4,000 gp
+2 Flail
Rare
4,010 gp
+2 Quarterstaff
Rare
4,000 gp
+2 Spear
Rare
4,010 gp
Adamantine Chain shirt
Uncommon
550 gp
Dancing Shortsword
Very Rare
2,010 gp
Dart +2 (each)
Rare
100 gp
Vicious Maul
Rare
360 gp
Cast-Off Armor -  Chain shirt
Rare
250 gp
Cast-Off Armor -  Half plate
Rare
1,050 gp
Moon-Touched Sword - Scimitar
Common
125 gp
Moon-Touched Sword - Shortsword
Common
110 gp
Veteran’s Cane
Common
65 gp
Hew
Uncommon
1,250 gp
Lightbringer
Uncommon
1,750 gp
Seeker Dart
Uncommon
200 gp
Shatterspike
Uncommon
1,200 gp
Storm Boomerang
Uncommon
500 gp
Yklwa, +1
Uncommon
1,000 gp
Bonecounter
Rare
4,000 gp
Bracer of Flying Daggers
Rare
800 gp
Dragon Wing Bow - Crossbow, hand - Lightning
Rare
2,500 gp
Dragon Wing Bow - Crossbow, heavy - Psychic
Rare
2,500 gp
Villiers (Magic Shop)
Rose-Marie De Villiers (F) (Human)
Boots of Speed
Rare
4,000 gp
Brazier of Commanding Fire Elementals
Rare
8,000 gp
Chromatic Rose - Blue
Rare
500 gp
Circlet of Blasting
Uncommon
1,500 gp
Dust of Dryness (1 pellet)
Uncommon
120 gp
Elemental Essence Shard - Earth
Rare
2,200 gp
Elemental Gem (red corundum)
Uncommon
960 gp
Feywild Shard
Uncommon
2,500 gp
Fulminating Treatise
Rare
6,000 gp
Gem of Brightness
Uncommon
5,000 gp
Guardian Emblem
Uncommon
2,500 gp
Iron Bands of Bilarro
Rare
4,000 gp
Ivory Goat (Travail)
Rare
400 gp
Ivory Goat (Traveling)
Rare
1,000 gp
Jade Ring of Resistance (Psychic)
Rare
6,000 gp
Jet Ring of Resistance (Necrotic)
Rare
6,000 gp
Keoghtom's Ointment (per dose)
Uncommon
120 gp
Luckstone
Uncommon
4,200 gp
Mantle of Spell Resistance
Rare
30,000 gp
Necklace of Fireballs (Five beads)
Rare
3,840 gp
Nolzur's Marvelous Pigments
Very Rare
200 gp
Oil of Sharpness
Very Rare
3,200 gp
Onyx Dog
Rare
3,000 gp
Pearl of Power
Uncommon
6,000 gp
Philter of Love
Uncommon
90 gp
Pipes of Haunting
Uncommon
6,000 gp
Prayer Bead - Smiting
Rare
1,500 gp
Quaal's Feather Token Whip
Rare
250 gp
Ring of Evasion
Rare
5,000 gp
Robe of Serpents (7 patches)
Uncommon
185 gp
Robe of Useful Items (5 special patches)
Uncommon
2,690 gp
Rope of Entanglement
Rare
4,000 gp
Saddle of the Cavalier
Uncommon
2,000 gp
Spinel Ring of Resistance (Thunder)
Rare
6,000 gp
Wind Fan
Uncommon
1,500 gp
La Boutique d’alchimie (Alchemy Shop)
Cyril Alarie (M) (High Elf)
Acid (vial)
Mundane
25 gp
Alchemist’s fire (flask)
Mundane
50 gp
Antitoxin (vial)
Mundane
50 gp
Elixir of Health
Rare
120 gp
Poison basic (vial)
Mundane
100 gp
Potion of Animal Friendship
Uncommon
200 gp
Potion of Clairvoyance
Rare
960 gp
Potion of Flying
Very Rare
500 gp
Potion of Greater Healing
Uncommon
150 gp
Potion of Growth
Uncommon
270 gp
Potion of Healing
Common
50 gp
Potion of Heroism
Rare
180 gp
Potion of Resistance against Fire
Uncommon
300 gp
Potion of Resistance against Lightning
Uncommon
300 gp
Potion of Resistance against Psychic
Uncommon
300 gp
Potion of Resistance against Radiant
Uncommon
300 gp
Potion of Speed
Very Rare
400 gp
Potion of Superior Healing
Very Rare
450 gp
Potion of Supreme Healing
Very Rare
1,350 gp
Potion of Water Breathing
Uncommon
180 gp
Vial
Mundane
1 gp
Potion of Watchful Rest
Common
75 gp
Bottled Breath
Uncommon
Une Feuille de Papier (Scribe)
Sandra Courtet (F) (Halfling)
Scroll of Aura of Life
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Aura of Purity
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Blight
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Catnap
Uncommon
400 gp
Scroll of Confusion
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Conjure Celestial
Very Rare
5,120 gp
Scroll of Conjure Minor Elementals
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Divine Word
Very Rare
5,120 gp
Scroll of Druid Grove
Very Rare
9,250 gp
Scroll of Fabricate
Rare
5,120 gp
Scroll of Find Greater Steed
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Fire Shield
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Gaseous Form
Uncommon
400 gp
Scroll of Glyph of Warding
Uncommon
400 gp
Scroll of Heat Metal
Uncommon
240 gp
Scroll of Leomund’s Secret Chest
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Locate Creature
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Magic Weapon
Uncommon
240 gp
Scroll of Minor Illusion
Common
20 gp
Scroll of Mirage Arcane
Very Rare
5,120 gp
Scroll of Phantasmal Force
Uncommon
240 gp
Scroll of Polymorph
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Sacred Flame
Common
20 gp
Scroll of Sending
Uncommon
400 gp
Scroll of Shadow of Moil
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Shatter
Uncommon
240 gp
Scroll of Sickening Radiance
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Staggering Smite
Rare
640 gp
Scroll of Stone Shape
Rare
960 gp
Scroll of Watery Sphere
Rare
640 gp
Dialla’s Tomes – Books are 1 gp – 10 gp
Doudry Dialla (F) (Gnome)
Witch With Silver
Rats And Butchers
Assassins Of Wood
Lion Of The West
Planet Of Next Year
Swindlers And Heirs
Women Of Stone
Faith Of The Leaders
Pirates And Gangsters
Doctors Of Twilight
Owl Of Silver
Faction Of The Gods
Invaders And Women
Emperor Of Perfection
Planet Of The Plague
Rats And Butchers
Dogs Of Glory
Separated At The Void
Point de Rose steam baths: Price 5 gp, Massage 10 gp (MAP LOCATION 13)
Hugues Bourque (M)
Maurice Héroux (M)Florian Carpentier (M)
Sauvanne Deloffre (F)
Gaëtane Ange (F)
Constantin Laflèche (F)Emma De Toutain (F)
Dalden Mill (MAP LOCATION 21)
Lambert Castex (M)Raoul Beaubois (M)Jean-Marie Trottier (M)
Cécilia Allard (F)
Merchant Navy Headquarters (MAP LOCATION 22)
Jean-Marc Donnet (M)Christopher Laffitte (M)Jean-Michel Lafaille (M)
5 Houses of Narlow:
Long Manner (Long Trading Company) Rank #1 (MAP LOCATION A)
Lambert Messier  (M)
Lucile Vaugrenard (F)
Hallow Hill (Hallow Shipping) Rank #2 (MAP LOCATION B)
Paul Bousquet  (M)
Anna LeMahieu (F)Noémi Rigal (F)
Degalle Gardens (Contract Shipping) Rank #3 (MAP LOCATION C)
Josseline Genest (F)
Demande Estate (Demande Traders) Rank #4 (MAP LOCATION D)
Colette Mignard (F)
Hawk Acreage (Hawk Trading Co.) Rank #5 (MAP LOCATION E)
Maxime Plantier (M)
Mines: Astral Mining Company (MAP LOCATION 16)
Yvonne Pretre (F)
Léone Chausson (M)
Temple of Self (Falsely a temple to Nola (Luck)(Temple of Evil) (MAP LOCATION 2)
Centered within Avalon Landing is a modest temple repurposed from a previously used stone building.
The building has been Desecrated with an effect that blocks any teleportation, extradimensional travel, planar travel, or banishment.  All fiends within are immune to being charmed or frightened.
Temple Exterior
Temple (Rear)
Temple Pulpit
CREATURES:
1x Erinyes (Summoner Variant)
6x Spined Devils
2x Bearded Devils
Sacristy (Dwelling of the Preacher)
Tower stairs
Ravenwood Prison (MAP LOCATION 19)
Stéphanie Bellegarde (M)
Aurélien Chuquet (F)Léon Coulomb (M)
Mireille Ardouin (F)
Georgette Beauregard (F)
Reine De Villiers (M)
The Diamond Casino (MAP LOCATION 18)
Jean-Philippe Leroux (M)
Albane Chuquet (M)Sigolène Boutroux (F)
Axelle Lavaud (F)
Philomène Matthieu (M)
Mahrdaki Warehouse (MAP LOCATION 3)
Entry
Heavy Crate Storage
Dry Storage - Flour
Fresh Storage - Potatoes
Fresh Storage
Barrel Storage
Dry Storage - Corn Meal
Cloth Storage - Linen
Rat Room
Fresh Storage - Tomatoes
Crate Storage
Empty Room
Barrel Storage
Barrel Storage
Barrel Storage
2 Dry Storage Rooms
Workers Dining Room
Guest Quarters
Mahrdaki’s Room
Mahrdaki Combination build: Mahadi the Rakshasa & Mordakhesh (Legendary)
2x Imp
1x Imp (Familiar)
In the corner strongbox is the following:
1,400 platinum
7,000 gold
A metal lockbox
Inside are 37 signed pacts
In the left bedside table is:
A pair of dimensional shackles
A deep purple Amulet with gold inlay (The Stratagem)
A Master’s Amulet
Weapon Room; 20 various weapons
Filing Office: Shipping/receiving paperwork.  Nothing interesting
Mahrdai’s Dining Room
Mahrdai’s Office
Bookkeeping Office
Meeting Room
Guard Quarters
Guard Dining Room
Guard Quarters
Guard Quarters
Dockside Deliver > TCD > The Crushing Depths
“Hell House” - Mahrdaki House: (Abeau Mahrdaki) (MAP LOCATION 1)
Fancy House (Exterior):
Foyer: 2 large statues: Shield Guardians.  1 can be controlled by the amulet
Entrance: A Beautiful man a woman are seated in this room and inquire as to your visit.
CREATURES:
1x Incubus
1x Succubus
3A. Hallway:
Dining Room:
10 Silver place settings worth 25gp each
2 silver platters worth 175gp each
2 gold candelabras worth 1,100gp each
Library:
Biography: Gilded Tales of the Friar: A Dangerous Mind. This book is an account on the life of Larrel Brysys, a gnome ranger. 431 pages 20 gp
Biography: The Collected Feats of the Friar. This book is an account on the life of Friar Whitles, a mead making religious man. 703 pages 20 gp
A Rare History of Eldarum. Snippet (14 pages). 30gp
Alter Room: A book that is bound in human skin. (Demonomicon of Tysus).  Reading requires a madness roll.
Dark Room: This is a fall trap to the basement Dex save 15 (Darkness spell) 1d6+2d12
Study:
CREATURES:
2x Relentless Slashers
1x Mezzoloth
Travel book: Amazing Annals from the City (Collimar). 405 pages 15gp
Instructional: Treacherous Tracts of the Sea: Country of Boon and Bounty. This gives insight about The Dragontooth Islands and the perils that it may contain. 708 pages 100 gp
West Bedroom:
CREATURES:
2X White Abishai
Locked and trapped desk: DC 16 Investigation or arcana.  Fireball DC 18 destroys document
Papers in the desk with a reference to “Malvolia Sarka” and “Crushing Depths)
Unknown drawing of a contraption
Chest – Lock and trapped (Fireball DC18)
5,768 gold (824 each)
Quarters:
Kitchen:
Pantry:
East Bedroom:
CREATURES:
2x White Abishai
Desk
A glass vial filled with nail clippings
Tinted glasses so dark that they can’t be seen through
Chest:
Cap of water breathing
5 potions of water breathing
Breathing Bubble
Bottled Breath
Hidden Stairway:
Basement:
CREATURES:
1x Orthon
Coal Room:
Portal/Gate: to the crushing depths
CREATURES:
2x White Abishai
1x Black Abishai
6x Hell Wasp
Crushing Depths
Entrance
Foyer
Demon Gate
Natural Cave
Large Demon Gate
Dais
Malvolia Sarka’s Throne Room
CREATURES:
1x Malvolia Sarka (Level 16 NPC Cleric)
Illusioinist’s Bracers
Eldritch Staff
250gp forked metal rod
Ruby powder (worth 1000gp)
1000gp diamond
Diamond powder 200gp
1x Green Abishai (Planar Ally)
2x Bearded Devils
Cultists have:
Scimitar
10 platinum
Cult Fanatics have:
10 platinum
Emerald Order Cult Leaders have:
100 gp pearl
100 platinum
Temple
Malvolia’s Private Room
Herbs, oils, incense (worth 1,000gp - in chest)
7,000 gold, 700 platinum
Prison
A. Holding Cell
B. Holding Cell – Pirate (Orley)
C. Holding Cell – Shawn Chlay (Blacksmith)
D. Holding Cell – Tory Carpenter (Commoner)
E. Holding Cell – Dooc (Cleric)
Evil in Narlow:
Admiral Garelet BouchetMeet at docksAdmiral Garelet BouchetMeet at docksInspector Gant (17)Flameheart CitadelInspector Gant (17)Flameheart CitadelMeet at shipMeet at shipMagic protected roomConcerned aboutUpsetting public: Temple & CasinoParanoid inside deptMagic protected roomConcerned aboutUpsetting public: Temple & CasinoParanoid inside deptRavenwood Prison (19)Amand Lemoine (Warden)Roger Cochet (Prisoner)(Temple)Dany Dubois (Prisoner)(Pirates)Laura Poulin (Prisoner)(Casino)Ravenwood Prison (19)Amand Lemoine (Warden)Roger Cochet (Prisoner)(Temple)Dany Dubois (Prisoner)(Pirates)Laura Poulin (Prisoner)(Casino)Temple of Self (2)Fiends immune to Banishment, Charmed, FrightenedFalse temple to Nola (Luck)Name: AnnanelPact with church (Contract)Valenore (Actual evil place)Sermon ends, people talking about going to Diamond CasinoTemple of Self (2)Fiends immune to Banishment, Charmed, FrightenedFalse temple to Nola (Luck)Name: AnnanelPact with church (Contract)Valenore (Actual evil place)Sermon ends, people talking about going to Diamond CasinoLa Casino de Diamond (18)Frankie Dupont (Guard)Felix Mahrdaki (Owner)Sneak into office: Connection to Warehouse & Temple.  SoulsLa Casino de Diamond (18)Frankie Dupont (Guard)Felix Mahrdaki (Owner)Sneak into office: Connection to Warehouse & Temple.  SoulsMahrdaki Warehouse (3)Thomas Mahrdake(Raksasha)Fiends and DevilsMahrdaki MansionMahrdaki Warehouse (3)Thomas Mahrdake(Raksasha)Fiends and DevilsMahrdaki MansionPiratesDragontooth IslesDangerousDifficult to findPiratesDragontooth IslesDangerousDifficult to findMahrdaki Mansion (1)Lord and Lady MahrdakiIncubus & SuccubusPortal in basementMahrdaki Mansion (1)Lord and Lady MahrdakiIncubus & SuccubusPortal in basementCrushing DepthsMalvolia SarkaCult & Fiends: Goal Link hell to Eldarum to allow for influence and controlCrushing DepthsMalvolia SarkaCult & Fiends: Goal Link hell to Eldarum to allow for influence and controlFlyers all over town for Temple to SelfFlyers all over town for Temple to SelfRumors:Temple to Self opening in town all of the problemsCasino is popularRumors:Temple to Self opening in town all of the problemsCasino is popularPrisoners:Bronze Dragon (Longtail)Desire Berlioz Former casinoLoeon Trouve Temple evilClement Cerf Against CasinoFelix Balnac   Against Temple Prisoners:Bronze Dragon (Longtail)Desire Berlioz Former casinoLoeon Trouve Temple evilClement Cerf Against CasinoFelix Balnac   Against Temple
Admiral Garelet Bouchet
Meet at docks
Admiral Garelet Bouchet
Meet at docks
Inspector Gant (17)
Flameheart Citadel
Inspector Gant (17)
Flameheart Citadel
Meet at ship
Meet at ship
Magic protected room
Concerned aboutUpsetting public: Temple & Casino
Paranoid inside dept
Magic protected room
Concerned aboutUpsetting public: Temple & Casino
Paranoid inside dept
Ravenwood Prison (19)
Amand Lemoine (Warden)
Roger Cochet (Prisoner)(Temple)
Dany Dubois (Prisoner)(Pirates)
Laura Poulin (Prisoner)(Casino)
Ravenwood Prison (19)
Amand Lemoine (Warden)
Roger Cochet (Prisoner)(Temple)
Dany Dubois (Prisoner)(Pirates)
Laura Poulin (Prisoner)(Casino)
Temple of Self (2)Fiends immune to Banishment, Charmed, FrightenedFalse temple to Nola (Luck)
Name: AnnanelPact with church (Contract)
Valenore (Actual evil place)Sermon ends, people talking about going to Diamond Casino
Temple of Self (2)Fiends immune to Banishment, Charmed, FrightenedFalse temple to Nola (Luck)
Name: AnnanelPact with church (Contract)
Valenore (Actual evil place)Sermon ends, people talking about going to Diamond Casino
La Casino de Diamond (18)Frankie Dupont (Guard)Felix Mahrdaki (Owner)Sneak into office: Connection to Warehouse & Temple.  Souls
La Casino de Diamond (18)Frankie Dupont (Guard)Felix Mahrdaki (Owner)Sneak into office: Connection to Warehouse & Temple.  Souls
Mahrdaki Warehouse (3)
Thomas Mahrdake
(Raksasha)
Fiends and Devils
Mahrdaki Mansion
Mahrdaki Warehouse (3)
Thomas Mahrdake
(Raksasha)
Fiends and Devils
Mahrdaki Mansion
Pirates
Dragontooth IslesDangerousDifficult to find
Pirates
Dragontooth IslesDangerousDifficult to find
Mahrdaki Mansion (1)Lord and Lady Mahrdaki
Incubus & Succubus
Portal in basement
Mahrdaki Mansion (1)Lord and Lady Mahrdaki
Incubus & Succubus
Portal in basement
Crushing DepthsMalvolia Sarka
Cult & Fiends: Goal Link hell to Eldarum to allow for influence and control
Crushing DepthsMalvolia Sarka
Cult & Fiends: Goal Link hell to Eldarum to allow for influence and control
Flyers all over town for Temple to Self
Flyers all over town for Temple to Self
Rumors:
Temple to Self opening in town all of the problemsCasino is popular
Rumors:
Temple to Self opening in town all of the problemsCasino is popular
Prisoners:Bronze Dragon (Longtail)
Desire Berlioz Former casino
Loeon Trouve Temple evil
Clement Cerf Against CasinoFelix Balnac   Against Temple
Prisoners:Bronze Dragon (Longtail)
Desire Berlioz Former casino
Loeon Trouve Temple evil
Clement Cerf Against CasinoFelix Balnac   Against Temple
﻿THIS PACT BINDS THE SCRIBE AND RECIPIENT INTO A DEAL OF CHOSEN ESCALATION FOR AN UNENDING PERIOD OF TIME, OR THIS CONTRACT IS VOIDED BY AN AGREEMENT ON THE PART OF BOTH PARTIES. UPON AGREEING TO AND SIGNING THIS CONTRACT, THE RECIPIENT IS BOUND TO THEIR AGREED OBLIGATIONS AND PARAMETERS WITHIN.
THIS CONTRACT AS A WHOLE REMAINS UNTIL THE PREDETERMINED PERIOD OF ETERNITY. THIS CONTRACT REMAINS IN EFFECT THROUGH ALL PACTS AND THEREAFTER, MAINTAINING ANY AGREED UPON SPECIFICATIONS AND OBLIGATIONS THAT REMAIN OUTSIDE OF A PACT'S COMPLETION, FOR ETERNITY.
FIRST PACT
THE SCRIBE AGREES TO GRANT OTHERWORLDLY LUCK TO THE RECIPIENT.  THE SOLE PURPOSE OF THE LUCK IS TO GAIN AS MUCH WEALTH AND POWER PRIOR TO THEIR DEATH.
SECOND PACT
THE SCRIBE AGREES TO BRING THE RECIPIENTS SOUL TO VALANORE UPON DEATH.
THE RECIPIENT
AGREES TO IMMEDIATELY LOCK THE CLAIM AND OWNERSHIP OF THE EVERLASTING SOUL OF THE RECIPIENT, INVOKING THE LAWS OF THE PACT PRIMEVAL, UNDER THE CONTROL OF THE SCRIBE FOR ALL OF ETERNITY. SENDING THE SOUL OF THE RECIPIENT IMMEDIATELY UPON DEATH TO THE SCRIBE TO DO WITH AS THEY SEE FIT.
THE RECIPIENT AGREES TO NOT DIVULGE ANY DETAILS OF THE PACT TO ANY OTHER ENTITY.  DOING SO IS A VIOLATION OF THE PACT.
ANY VIOLATION OF THIS CONTRACT ON THE PART OF THE SCRIBE IMMEDIATELY ENDS THE CONTRACT.
ANY VIOLATION OF THIS CONTRACT BY THE RECIPIENT REMOVES THEIR SOUL FROM THE PRIME MATERIAL PLANE. ANY VIOLATION OF THIS CONTRACT ON THE PART OF THE RECIPIENT IMMEDIATELY LOCKS THE CLAIM AND OWNERSHIP OF THE EVERLASTING SOUL OF THE RECIPIENT. INVOKING THE LAWS OF THE PACT PRIMEVAL, UNDER THE CONTROL OF THE SCRIBE FOR ALL OF ETERNITY, SENDING THE SOUL OF THE RECIPIENT IMMEDIATELY UPON DEATH TO THE SCRIBE.
SIGNED BY THE AGREED UPON PARTIES, UNDER THE LAWS OF THE PACT PRIMEVAL.
VALENORE  _________________________
SCRIBERECIPIENT
After batting the Malovia and the cult, the party tries to track down the pirates.
Ships crew The Petrolla – A Caravel:
CARTOGRAPHER: Leger Dubois
Story Overview
Adventure Summary
Introduction
Obtain leads – where is the Pirate base
Merchant Navy Headquarters
Narlow Prison
The Bronze Dagger (Tavern)
Thessalkraken – buffed up with legendary saves, higher hp, ac, and more attacks
2x Young Dragon Turtle
1x Dragon Turtle
1x Olhydra
1x Hythonia
Pyrate ships
Crab Island
Dragon Tooth Islands
Dragon Turtle:
As they approach the Dragontooth Islands
It is one of the islands and follows them
Pirate Patrols
Pyrate ship:
6x Eternal Flame Priest
1x Sir Ursas
1x Flamewrath
1x Pirate Bosun
1x Pirate Captain
1x Pirate Deck Wizard
1x Pirate First Mate
5x Firenewt Warrior
5x Kraul Warrior
16x Faerl
Warlord as a swap?
Dragon Spine (Islands)
False Spine - Dragon Turtle
Bloodtooth (Town)
Taverns
Spiritual Crew Tavern
The Sea Devil
Dragons Blood Tavern
Inns
The Cyprian
The Ship at Sea
Shops
Salted Stone Warehouse
Bloodtooth Nest
Situated within skull mountain path is bloodtooth nest.  This is the location of The Crimson Prince(Pyrate leader) and the Crimson Court (those who lead the pyrates).
As they follow the path, they are met with a young brutish female pyrate introduces herself as “Pledge” who says that she will escort them in.  Upon entering a small antechamber, the are led into a grand hall covered in crimson carpet with crimson water in the fountains.  Lit by continual flame braziers on the sides of the hallway are eight ancient stone statues.
Doors on either side of the hallway are marked throughout with a standing armed guards at each.
Double door trap / Angel prison
1st locked door: DC 15 lockpick
2nd locked door
Cannot be opened until other door is closed (mechanism covers lock)
Intricate lock.  DC 28.  Trap goes off on a failure.
Trap: Constitution DC 20, 6d6 fire every 2 rounds until out or dispelled
Angel in Darkness: Ophaniel (solar) is kept here in an upgraded forcecage.  His ability to teleport has been negated as well.  7th level dispel to remove.
Prison
Door: The door is locked but the guard has the key.
Inside are 5 cells.  Blood stained containers reside on the floor outside of the cells.
Looking through the bars, there the skeletal remains of 3 people and in the center cell is Remi Forlette (Anoceths friend).
The guards keychain also contains the keys for the cells.
Grand cathedral
Inside this dark room is what appears to be a church of some kind.  Pews line a wide carpeted path with an organ at the rear and a dais at the front.
Two ancient stone statues line the front left and right of the chamber.
Dais
In front of you is a stone dais.  Investigation DC 16 It is actually a container with a large stone lid that can be opened.  DC 25 Athletics to open it.
Inside the dais is well lined and padded.  It looks like a coffin.
DC 22 investigation check: Periapt of Wound Closure & 5 Gems (worth 5,000)
Behind the dais is a statue of an Angel wrapped in chains.
Pledge then leads the to the far left doorway and asks the guard to open the door from them.  Beyond is a short hallway with a winding staircase that descends.  Following the staircase, you see another short hallway, this one flanked by two doors and a guard standing near the right door.  The hallway is lit with braziers and you see a much brighter chamber lit in front of you.
As you walk into the chamber, you realize that it is a very large hallway leading to a much larger chamber up a large staircase.  Again the room is decorated with a water bath filled with crimson water.  Across the hall is another doorway with a guard standing at it.
Tomb 1
2 empty coffins
Tomb 2
2 empty coffins
Tomb 3
2 empty coffins
Tomb 4
2 empty coffins
Tomb 5
5 empty coffins
Main Hall
As you enter the main hall, you appear to interrupt a meeting of 10 individuals lining the sides of a large crimson rug and a man sitting in the large throne in the front of the room.  Large braziers in each corner of the room light the area.  Four cages reside on each raised platform to both sides of the room.  An iron door sits behind the large chair.  Finally, two stone platforms hold giant-sized swords that appear to be made of stone and are ancient.  Blood Ship Captains
Lord Ziane Marth’s – The Crimson Prince
Yalaga Maladwyn - Yalaga Maladwyn
Potion of Psychic Resistance
Shrith Ghartro – Vampirate Captain
Bead of Force
Thorn Grathrow – Blood drinker vampire
Potion of Vitality
Vladimir Horngaard - Vladimir Horngaard
Potion of Greater Healing
Thorn Durst – Vampirate Mage
Wand of Wonder
Spell Scroll (Stoneskin)
Spell Scroll (Sleep)
Rose Durst - Vampirate
+1 Net
Sarathia Kenlath - Vampirate
Bag of Tricks, Rust
Xirix Renthros - Vampirate
Fortunes Fivepence
Rosdon Lowry - Vampirate
Oil of Etherealness
Dolf Puteen - Vampirate
Potion of Mind Reading
In exchange for the safe keeping and the return of Remi to the group, the Crimson Prince wants the characters to go to Katileo on Lucani and bring back the Blue Shard from within the Colossus of Akri back to him.  (Conjure a Shadow Dog ally who remains until you release it or it drops to 0 hp. 1x/short)
Lord Ziane Marth’s (The Crimson Prince) Tomb
In this chamber resides an extremely nicely carved coffin.  The room is lit by two brazides and is flanked by two stone statues of fallen angels.
DC 18 Investigation inside the coffin reveals:
Potion of Cloud Giant Strength
Candle of Anti-light
After dealing with the pirates, the party was curious about this Colossus that resides in Lucani, so they traveled there by ship.  The see the colossus upon entering the port and eventually end up meeting with a prince who was really a gold dragon.  Anocheth spend much money gaining influence in the city by throwing a lavish party at the most expensive hotel in towan.
Katileo, Lucani
Population: 168,000
Government: Monarchy (King and Queen Dhavale) Rajmahal Palace
Something different: Many automatons here
Rasayan Bazaar
Mystic Astra – Magic Shop Elvish (Aias Presven)
Divya Tantra – Magic Shop
Yuddha Kala – Weaponsmith
Ayur Veda – Alchemy shop
Vachan Ghar – Book Shop
Madhushala – Tavern
Daaru Dukaan – Tavern
Sundar Hahal – Inn
Raj Murti – Inn
Sarang Palace – Inn (High end)   Daaru suite (500gp per night), free steam baths
Sone Ki Chidiya – Fabric Shop
Mehendi – Clothing Shop
Kala Shringar – Clothing Shop
Male Names
Female Names
Surendranath Rajavade
Keshav Shiravadakar
Surendranath Jadhav
Vikas Ganapuli
Yudhishthira Viswan
Ishwar Badakar
Krishna Tamhanakar
Jawahar Jadhav
Mahamai Kusari
Durgautti Thakur
Komal Sirasikar
Archita Banahatti
Aaliya Patvardhan
Tarabai Roychaudhuri
Sena Gaur
Aishwarya Chattarak
Sarasvati Anagal
Shristi Shevade
Navneet Singh
Aman Nandi
Ishwar Ajagavakar
Gunadhya Kanungo
Krishna Sharma
Chakravarti Vaikar
Om Bhardvaj
Chander Munshi
Prem Nijasure
Dharya Sirasikar
Mahi Choraghad
Korravai Barigai
Akshara Mayadev
Rani Kanungo
Vijaya Malviya
Mataji Seth
Chandika Lata
Muskaanb Kapudia
Jaya Chakarvarti
Bhageerathi Mirchandani
Colossus of Akari
Over 3,500 feet tall
Made of a rare metal known as Etherium.  Small quantities of this metal are extracted from the Colossus each year.
Etherium is infused with celestial power and as such is desirable for those who attempt to infuse their machines with power.  The metal naturally emits the energy acting not only as a structural component, but a power source as well.  It is not well understood how the metal “brings machines to life”.
The metal is tricky to extract and work as it has a tendency towards exploding under the wrong conditions.  Only well trained miners and artificers deal in this material due to its volatile nature.
The city of Katileo was build around the Colossus.  It was named for the ancient city of Akari that once stood in this place.  The city of Akari was one of the final cities destroyed at the end of the Titan Wars.
The Titan of Akari seemed to malfunction and was unable to move.  As the other Titans continued to battle, it just stood there.  When the Titan wars came to a conclusion, either the titans disappeared back into the natural landscape (Mountains, Water, Earth, ect) or they exploded doing massive damage and leaving remnants spread far and wide.  The Colossus of Akari did not explode and it has stood here ever since.
Past peoples have tried to reside within the Colossus, but it can be a dangerous proposition as it is guarded.  It also has the ability to create new guards if the old ones are destroyed.
In the more recent history (a few hundred years), famous Artificer: Gnome (M) - Orukas Bellygift and Alchemist - Dragonborn (M) - Dempikar Lumizire discovered how to mine the metal and use it.  This knowledge is kept mostly secret, but some has escaped.  Due to this, mining operations started in the base of the colossus which continue to happen to this day.  Unfortunately, power and wealth can draw other creatures that desire it and many battles have been fought.  The colossus being of massive size still houses some of those foes who at times have been seen but have been happy with the territory that is now theirs.
Artificer: Gnome (M) - Orukas Bellygift and Alchemist - Dragonborn (M) - Dempikar Lumizire
Gold Greatwyrm: Rarran, Champion of The Skies – Chief Counselor
Offer: 50,000gp or 1 item from my vault (trust)
Anguri Nan      Amar Adwani
Priest of Amino (Raimondo Grivrildulbo Dragonborn M, NG)
Blue Shard – 12.5 lbs, 100,000gp (Rarran offered 150,000gp for it)
Explosion Damage:
·        30ft Radius sphere: 100d6 Fire damage
·        Additional 60 ft Radius: 1/2 damage
·        Additional 120 ft Radius: 1/4 damage
·        Addition 240 ft Radius: 1/8 damage
Create Magic item:
·        Common: 50gp
·        Uncommon: 200gp
·        Rare: 2,000gp
·        Very Rare: 20,000gp
·        Legendary: 100,000 gp
Spell components:
·        Low: 5 - 50
·        Medium: 100 - 500
·        High: 1,000 – 2,000
·        Extreme: 5,000
Prominent priests:
Plydrunis - Ortune
Ileethy - Phenir
Clening - Unaldir
Nakokhi - Gedis
Tubrinis - Emphy
Xuhinity - Adalle
City is calm, well maintained, no poor people (beggars)
8 people in the council: Rarran, Anguri Nan. Amar Adwani, Chander Chetti, Akshey Mudaliyar, Nakshatra Misra, Minakshi Bandyopadhyay, Palak Ayyar.
Commerce lead: Prakash Gurnani – Will use sending to speak with Anocheth – Anocheth states he can find rare ingredients/metals/items – Talk offline
Left Foot - Clue: Goto Right Big Toe -Wizards
Artificer: Gnome (M) - Orukas Bellygift
Alchemist - Dragonborn (M) - Dempikar Lumizire
Workers mining and using machinery
Clues:
Some of the upper levels of the Colossus have been explored, but they were shut down long ago by artificer Gezwaba Hold.  People have tried to gain access since, but have been unable to.  Currently a crazy artificer named Strobahn has been trying to figure out the mystery and access the upper levels.  No one has seen him for years.
Recently a man who talked a little funny went in search for Strobahn, we didn’t see him again either.  Name was Flavorite?
Should start be entering the Right foot big toe via one of our mining tunnels.  Gezwaba used to have his office there.  Be careful as there are other denizens that reside within the lower levels.
Right Big Toe: Red Wizards
Illusion floor, fall 60 feet 6d6
Bottom bright blue middle flask is a portal to left toe 3.
Left Mid Toe: Giants, goto L Mid Toe
Empty.  Path from inside furnace to Left Small Toe
Treasure:
2x Potion of Dimutation
Left Small Toe:
Fire Giants working to relight the furnace
Extinguish fire and crawn in furnace.  Path to Right 2nd Toe
2x Potion of Growth
Right 2nd Toe: Wild.
Looks like water has breeched this area and growth of all sorts has taken hold
Button opens a door to R Small toe found in the upper level room (
Right Small Toe:
Office of Gezwaba.
Paper with a sequence
Secret Opening to Right Foot
Right Foot:
Artificer Strobahn & Demi Litch /Flavius in pieces, goto R 2nd
Elevator to Leg 1 just opened when they enter.  Uses flavious’ internal shard.
Heroes' Feast +16 HP 5 hours left
Aid (Althinias, Amara, Anocheth): 15 HP for 8 hours
Leg 1
Must turn valve to open next level.  Left room
Leg 2
Must flip switches (From note)
Leg 3
Valve on bottom room
Digestive
Bone swarm
Exit bottom door
Neck 1
Nothing
Neck 2
Chardalyn Dragon
Neck 3
Chardalyn Dragon (Same)
Neck 4
Chardalyn Dragon (Same)
Brain
Trobriand – Tries to reactivate the Colossus using 6 steps
Left and right of platform
Each one of the 4 levers
Back to where he came from to activate
Eye 1 – Hexton Modron
Eye 2 – Septon Modron
A metal can that has no opening but sounds as if it is filled with spiders.
A unbreakable sealed jar of glowing water that hums when shaken.
A plush toy of an owl with a label attached to it that reads "Comet".
A ring made of a white metal. On the inside is a name etched in Auran.
A gigantic snake's tooth that has an unsettling aura about it.
An ancient arrow of elven design.
A bar of soap that smells like rotten meat.
A muddy book with a single phrase repeated over and over. “I must find the answer”
A pretty conch shell.
Green:
Potion of Climbing
Potin of Healing
Potion of Animal Friendship
Philter of Love
Red:
Potion of Greater Healing
Potion of Resistance (Cold)
Potion of Growth
Potion of Hill Giant Strength
Potion of Water Breathing
Pink:
Potion of Clairvoyance
Elixer of Health
Potion of Fire Breath
Yellow (Gold): (Lasts until consumed):
Potion of Supreme Healing
Purple (12 hours, 48 hours in a bag of holding). (Once consumed, the effect holds until used. Cannot have more than one active at a time):
Charm of Vicious Mockery
Charm of Sending
Charm of Purplemancy
Charm of Cure Wounds
Charm of Lightning Bolt
Charm of Druidcraft
Charm of Vicious Mockery. This charm allows you to cast the vicious mockery cantrip (5th-level version; save DC 15) as an action. Once used three times, this charm vanishes from you.
Charm of Purplemancy. This charm allows you to cast the faerie fire spell (violet light only; save DC 15) as a bonus action instead of an action, no components required. Once used three times, this charm vanishes from you.
Ronan: Charm of Sending (Active)
Charm of Druidcraft. This charm allows you to cast the druidcraft cantrip as an action, no components required. Once used three times, this charm vanishes from you.
Charm of Sending. This charm allows you to cast the sending spell as an action, no components required. Once used, this charm vanishes from you.
Charm of Cure Wounds. This charm allows you to cast the cure wounds spell (3rd-level version) as an action, no components required. Your spellcasting ability for this charm is Wisdom. Once used, this charm vanishes from you.
Charm of Lightning Bolt. This charm allows you to cast the lightning bolt spell (save DC 15) as an action, no components required. Once used, this charm vanishes from you.
The part next moved to the Floating isles of Lukani:
Floating Isle, Lukani
Ilrac
Nexus – The teleportation pads to move between island
Closest one is Ixus square.
Speak to one of the Nexites to gain passageway.
Prices in gold:
One way - 5
Two way - 8
Daily - 15
Week - 50
Month – 175
Annual - Inquire
Upud Kilturim - Guide
Yunxas Caerrinn – Desk attend
Kimmed Arcrath
Tarthad Qelxiros
Uambish Caerkris
Kaaxash Urofarn
Loltastiak Heseth
Sholthocir Zorrinn
Vapaatallual Higrax
Miammankiac Nesvarax
Near Adla - Boxguay Wood
Remnant of the gods, a celestial of sorts
Learn more about the titans and the gods
Eastra – Spider queen – Avatar of Fomysus – Goddess of Disease & Misfortune - NE
Floating Isle: Celxis
Dragonborn Alchemist: Kethtek Marghull – Silver Dragonborn
- Going to meet with others to learn more about titans and what is going on
- will set the group up in town
The Gorgeous Garden – Inn they are set up in. – Has a bathouse – Room, board, bathhouse paid for
Alchemist Shortcut – 7 days to read.
When finished, will cut all potion & elixir crafting time and cost in half
They followed a lead that led them to Aldo and the Boxguay woods:
Alda:
Nestled deep within the shadowed embrace of the Boxguay Woods lies the quiet town of Adla, a place once full of life and bustling trade. The dense trees of the woods have long been a barrier to the outside world, but they also protected Adla from the chaos beyond. For as long as people can remember, a creeping darkness ever so slowly encroaches upon the town. The Boxguay Woods, once teeming with vibrant flora and wildlife, have fallen victim to a mysterious and relentless blight, a sickness that spreads through the trees, corrupting all it touches.
As the blight slowly inches closer, its sinister presence casts a pall over the town. The villagers, stubborn and resilient, hold onto their fragile existence, but they feel the weight of isolation pressing down upon them. Outsiders avoid the area, fearful of the cursed woods and the dangers they harbor. What was once a thriving community has been reduced to a hollow shadow of its former self, as people fight to survive against an ever-encroaching force that seems impossible to stop. The air is heavy with uncertainty, and every passing day brings the looming question: how much longer can Adla endure?
The city has been cleared of trees, and farms line the edge of town.  Growth of crops seems to be stinted and the cows, goats, and pigs look slightly emaciated.
NPC’s (No smiles on their faces)
Baldus Mats – Male Human.  50 going on 70.  Grey hair, Leathery skin, worn hands.  Woodworker
Harbert Millson – Male Human.  30.  Looks disheveled and worn out. Farmer
Ann Millson – Female Human. Harberts wife.  Looks disheveled and worn out.  Marketplace owner
Alarise Haim – Female Human. 18.  Looks tired, but otherwise well kept for such a place.  Baker
BoxGuay Woods
Entering the Boxguay Woods feels like stepping into a forgotten world, where the air is thick and heavy, carrying with it an unsettling stillness. The dense canopy above blocks out most of the sunlight, casting everything beneath it in a perpetual twilight. The ground is slick with dampness, the earth beneath your boots soft and treacherous, as though it’s been soaked for days. The once-pristine trees, tall and proud, now seem hunched, their bark warped and decayed, some even oozing with a black, tar-like substance.
WIS Saving throw DC15: Pulled further into the forest
As you venture deeper, the scent of rot grows stronger, and a faint, almost imperceptible hum vibrates through the air—an eerie reminder that something unnatural stirs in these woods. The birds that once sang their melodies are now gone, replaced by an oppressive silence that weighs heavily on your every step. Shadows cling to the edges of your vision, shifting and flickering in ways that seem almost purposeful, like the forest itself is watching, waiting.  Strangely, you see a hint of lights on the path ahead.
They can do a Perception check if they want to see if they notice anything.
Anocheth, those lights seem to emit from an orb that resembles a lantern being held in place by tentacle like stalks.
Investigation 18 within 10 ft: There is a creature in the shape of a large round ball with stalks the camouflages itself within the rotting trees.
ENCOUNTER: Death Kiss
As you make your way deeper into the Boxguay Woods, a subtle change begins to creep into the environment. At first, it's nothing more than a few strands—thin, almost invisible webs glistening in the dim light between the trees. You brush them aside, thinking them no more than the remnants of some spider's work, but as you move further, the webs become harder to ignore. They begin to thicken and tangle, stretching between the trees like a net, sticky and unnaturally strong. Their glistening threads shimmer with a sickly sheen, as if they were spun from something far more sinister than silk.
The air grows denser with each step, the webs multiplying, wrapping around the trunks of the trees like veins pulsing with an unsettling life of their own. What began as a few strands now forms a nearly impenetrable web of tangled threads, the space between the trees filled with a maze of sticky silk. The further you go, the thicker the webs become, until the very air feels thick and suffocating, a viscous substance clinging to your skin and clothing. The sound of movement is muffled as if the forest is holding its breath, and every step you take makes a sickening squelch as your feet get caught in the growing web.
Athletics 15 to push through.
They can do a Perception check if they want to see if they notice the spiders.  DC 21
ENCOUNTER: Spiders
The air grows heavier as you push deeper into the heart of the woods, the webs now thick and unyielding, nearly choking the life from everything they touch. The trees, once towering and proud, now seem twisted and bent, their gnarled branches grasping like skeletal hands, reaching toward you with a silent, desperate plea. As you move forward, the ground is slick with a dark, viscous substance that pools in shallowly streams, glimmering faintly in the dim light. The air is thick with the scent of decay, the foul, overpowering odor of something rotting beneath the surface. The webs here are unlike any you’ve encountered—they stretch from one enormous, twisted tree to another, forming intricate, layered structures that dominate the space. The thick threads pulsate with purple light, almost as if breathing, and each step you take is met with a sickening squelch, as if the very ground beneath you is alive.
Athletics Check to push through the webs without getting hung up.
CON Check: DC 14 – Throw up
In the dim light, you can make out the outline of countless eggs—huge, gnarly orbs, each one large enough to swallow a human whole. They dangle from the trees, nestled within the webs like strange fruit. Some of the eggs twitch, as though something stirs within, waiting for the moment to hatch. The webs are thick with them, an endless cycle of life, death, and rebirth, as if something was trying to grow beyond its limits, feeding off the forest itself.
WISDOM Save: DC 16 - Fear
The atmosphere is stifling, oppressive, and filled with an unnatural silence, broken only by the occasional sound of a distant crackle—the slow, rhythmic movement of something large and unseen shifting just beyond your reach. The air hums with an almost imperceptible energy, a tension that vibrates through the very fabric of the woods. There’s a sense here, in this twisted, organic lair, that something ancient and malevolent stirs just out of sight, watching your every move.
Any checks, anything they want to do?
DC 30 perception to see the Eastra as she blends with the environment.
DC 18 Dex Save to avoid getting caught in the webs, DC 18 athletics to break free.
If someone is caught in the webs, DC 21 INT Save (For her do delve into their thoughts)
They hear a voice from the shadows all around them:
“You venture deep into my domain and have been able to survive to this point.  With your thoughts, I am inspired by an intriguing possibility.”
What do they want to do.  If in a web, they can try to break free or on the start of their turn, they will make a DC 21 INT Save.  Any attacks will be met with switch retribution.  A DC 25 perception check will reveal hundreds of larges spiders nestled within the branches above and all around.
She/It? Reveals itself.  A massive spider-like creature
“The one you call Inye has an ability that intrigues me.  Bring her to me and I will assist you with the history past, present, and future that you desire.”
“I wish to discuss with her an intriguing offer.  Something that she will be greatly interested in.”
“The details are between Her and I.  If you do this, you will get what you came for.”
Emerging from the Shadow:
A sense of unnatural darkness precedes it, as the Arasta steps into view, a looming, terrifying presence. The moment it emerges, the shadows seem to cling to its form, swirling and twisting like smoke. Its body is a grotesque blend of spider-like features and twisted, shadowy magic.
Body: The creature has a  dark, chitinous exoskeleton is glistening with a sickly sheen, giving it an almost otherworldly appearance. Its form is massive, with limbs long and spindly, each ending in cruel, sharp claws capable of cutting through the toughest armor. The body is segmented, and from certain angles, it seems like it could melt into the shadow itself.  Crawling with smaller, yet huge spiders, they constantly work on the overgrown abdomen of the spider like monstrosity seemingly collecting eggs as they work.
Legs: The  eight legs move with unnerving grace, their joints folding and bending in ways that defy normal anatomy, and even normal 3 dimensional movement. As they scrape along the trees, the echoes are muted by the surrounding shadow, as though the creature's very presence absorbs sound. The legs twitch and skitter rapidly, ready to pounce or scale any surface with ease.
Face: It has the face of a humanoid that is warped and misfigured.  Its eyes glow a faint, ethereal violet or sickly green—vivid against its dark, blackened form. The glow is unnerving, seeming to pierce through the gloom, locking onto its prey with unblinking focus. The hair stretches forth as webs covering the entirety of the area around it.
Aura of Darkness: The very air around the Arasta feels colder, darker, as though it draws in the light and warmth from the environment. Its presence warps the light, creating a shadowy mist that follows it like a dark halo, adding to the sense that it is a creature of pure darkness
Movement: As it moves, the Arasta glides silently from shadow to shadow, its form bending and flickering as if it is part of the darkness itself. Occasionally, its silhouette might shift, warping into different shapes, disorienting anyone trying to track its movements. The sound of its legs tapping against the floor is almost imperceptible, adding to the terror as it approaches from the shadows, its movements unnervingly silent and swift.
Eastra (an Arasta) Eastra – Spider queen – Avatar of Fomysus – Goddess of Disease & Misfortune - NE
And then, you see it.
At first, it's nothing more than a shifting shadow, a ripple across the webs, like a cloud passing over the moon. But then, from the heart of the pit, something stirs. The ground quakes, just slightly at first, but enough to make your heart race. Slowly, impossibly, something begins to emerge, its form massive and imposing, moving with an eerie, deliberate slowness. The webs strain and tremble beneath its weight, creaking like the bones of some ancient creature.
A hulking, twisted shape materializes from the darkness—a figure so large that it seems to blot out the very air around it. At first, it appears to be a colossal spider, its legs long and spindly, each one thicker than a tree trunk, covered in a dark, iridescent sheen that reflects the dim light in sickly shades of green and purple. But as it moves, you realize it is something more—far more. Its body is a grotesque fusion of spider and something far more ancient, more monstrous, as if the very essence of the forest has been twisted into its form.
Its body is monstrous, an enormous, bulbous mass of chitin and muscle, black as night and covered in glistening webs that seem to pulse with life, feeding off the decay around it. The shape of its head is hideously distorted, a grotesque combination of insectoid features and something vaguely humanoid, a nightmarish fusion that defies nature’s laws. The creature’s eyes—countless, glowing orbs—cover its face, reflecting the faintest glimmer of light like the eyes of a thousand predators, each one watching you with unnerving intelligence. They are ancient eyes, old beyond reckoning, eyes that have witnessed centuries of death and decay.
Its massive mandibles click in a slow, methodical rhythm, sending tremors through the air as if it is savoring the fear in the room. Its mouth, hidden beneath layers of chitinous armor, opens slightly, revealing rows of sharp, jagged teeth that drip with a viscous, black fluid. The air grows heavy with its presence, a suffocating, palpable weight pressing down on you as though the creature’s very gaze could drain the life from your body.
Every step it takes sends shudders through the webs, the sound like a distant thunderclap reverberating in your chest. It looms over you, impossibly tall, its body shifting unnaturally in a way that defies logic. And for a moment, time seems to stop. The realization creeps over you with chilling clarity—this is no ordinary beast, no mere spider. This is something ancient, something far older than the woods themselves, a creature of nightmares born from another dimension, feeding off the life of the forest and the creatures within it, giving birth to horrors far worse than you could ever imagine.
The moment you lock eyes with it, you know. This is no chance encounter. This is no ordinary predator. You have stumbled into the lair of Eastra—the Titan Spider. And it has been waiting for you.
Read or paraphrase the following text when Arasta uses her Armor of Spiders trait:
The nightmarish arachnid unleashes a shriek that sounds like a thousand spider carapaces scarring slate. In response, the ground ripples and bursts over the monster, revealing itself as a wave of countless spiders. The tiny arachnids swarm the larger horror, girding it in skittering bodies.
If she successfully Mind delves, she learns of Inya.  She is willing to share more information about the gods and titans if they bring Inya or Inyas secrets to her.  She seems intrigued by the alternative dimension.
Needing to find Inye, they tracker her down:
???   Highrock    Collimar    Cloudcrest    Kazon    Anhures’ Tomb (Mekhit Wadi)
Highrock:
Researching Shards.  Means to go to Stammont Kingdom – Teleport there.  Asked for teleportation circle, denied
Mr Thomas Hilless – Human Head Librarian
Collimar:
Grand Archive (Library)
Zachary Wise
Aubrey Trivett
Humphry Mallin
Research primarily focused on Mountainous regions.  Looked for information about a place called Cloudcrest
Fiadh = Korga Bloodfury
Upgrade Daedrils
Upgrade Inye
Setup large estate with external buildings and servant quarters
Magical wall barrier that dispels magic?
Inye alternative shadow plane to get in
Korga and one other gladiator
Cloudcrest: Books show some of the first shards were collected near here.  Research began here.
Abandoned – Home of Ancient
Inye was recently in Highrock
Spell: Etherealness: Ethereal plane 8 hrs a day
Spell: Arcane Gate
Helm of Teleportation
Iolis
Bevaltrvax  Bev-alt-er-axe  "The Redeemed"
Ronan to Ian McCreaty:  I met Spider Queen Eastra near Adla in Lucani. She is a living titan. Please advise regarding Hazoret's wishes. Heading back there
Reminder: Immes name was mentioned as your ally by Eastra...whats up with that
Eastra (an Arasta) Eastra – Spider queen – Avatar of Fomysus – Goddess of Disease & Misfortune - NE
She is willing to share more information about the gods and titans if they bring Inya or Inyas secrets to her.  She seems intrigued by the alternative dimension.
Inye Tracking:
Highrock
Collimar - Fiadh
Thrail
Castle Ghealach
Darragh (Darrache) Stormforge: Gruff, deep-voiced, gray dwarf (duergar), hazel eyes, black and white hair/beard, black band tattoo from ear to ear across his eyes. Has several metal bands in his hair and beard to signify monsters he has defeated. He is a strong fighter and cherishes his scimitars. He sees Fiadh as his niece and is filled with pride when she does well in training and on hunts. He was a tough mentor but often let his love for her show thru his normally tough exterior. He mourns for the lost of his hunting partner and close friend Rolland. He strives to bring him back to the order and reunite him with his daughter. Rolland is a brother to Darragh.
Level 13 -> Level 14
Met with Eastra.  Requested/Demanded that they bring her Inye (will be allowed to leave)
This is to get information about the gods and the Titans
She mentioned the ally Immes (Ancient Green Dragon).  Players were not aware they she was an ally
Ronan and Althinias cast Sending to Inye.  She agreed to meet and said she was at Highrock (Sverge)
Althinias was a little uncomfortable with this as this is where he is from
Upon arrival, Althinias was called Bevalrvax (Bev-alt-er-vax)
Prep:
Flush out the deities better.  Have answers ready.  Specifically Formoria and Inyes god.
Flush out Highrock and the people there
Come up with a plan for Inye as well as make sure her sheet is updated.
Think about Immes and how she might get into this whole thing (if desired).
Didn’t Immes give one of them a magic item or something?
Plan what happens after meeting up with Eastra again
The party traveled to the Stammont Kingdom to the city of Collimar.  There they witnessed the gladiator battles in the Coliseum.  One of the galdiators was introduced as Korg Bloodfury.  The party immediately recognized her as a much more muscular and trained Fiadh.  Trying to keep track of Fiadh after the battle, the party noticed Lord and Lady Daedril with her and they quickly left the arena in the pouring rain in a black carriage.  Part of the party chased them down across town and they found the estate they were living one that was heavily guarded with guards and massive ballista.
The party met up, formed a plan, and battled their way into the compound and into the basement.
After some challenging battles with a lot treasure horded in a pile that turned into a treasure golem, they were victorious and finally made it to a secret area.  There they saw Fiadh and started talking.  Fiadh then turned into a dragon and attacked.  Lord and Lady Daedril joined them and a huge fight took place, with several players nearly dying permanently.  Amara was even dead for a short while.
Eventaully they won the battle, killing Lord and Lady Daedril.  They spoke to Fiadh who was held in a Forcecage and barely conviced her to end hostilities.  After agreeing to make Fiadh whole with money, Fiadh kept the mansion and the party went on their way, leaving Fiadh not  as friends, but as a neutral aquantence.
