=== EXTRACTED 2026-04-19T19:25:21.9504576-06:00 ===


===== FILE: Althinias Luumha (Campbell)\Althinias Luumha Backstory.docx =====

Althinias Luumha ( Bevaltvax ) Bronze Dragon named Bevaltvax , normally shifted into a Male Elf. Elven name: Althinias Luumha (adaptation from Arabic and Scottish Gaelic for Bronze Dragon) Dragon name: Bevaltvax (adaptation from Hungarian for redeemed) Backstory: On the remote Eastern shore of the Sverge Republic; hidden amongst the rocky outcroppings, lies the lair of a Female Bronze Dragon. Sailors know to keep a wide berth of the area as it is known to have quickly shifting volatile weather. It is in this place that this dragon laid three eggs. One of these eggs however was corrupted by a powerful magic force. This strange egg made the mother feel uncomfortable and, in an effort to protect her offspring, the dragon flew the egg to a remote mountain peak and left it there. There, it remained for an unknown amount of time before fate would put it in the hands of an evil woman. Malvolia Sarka , determined to release Tysus from his Celestial imprisonment saw an opportunity. Realizing the potential that was held within this egg, she brought it back to The Crushing Depths. In this hidden temple, the dragon was hatched. The cultists extracted the dragons’ blood and performed evil rituals trying to extract its unknown power. This was the world that this young hatchling knew, but with his innately good nature, he knew that this was wrong and needed to be stopped. A tenday later, he saw his opportunity. A group of men infiltrated the temple, killing many of the cultists. The battle was exciting for the dragon and as Malvolia tried to take the him, the hatchling bit her hand, removing 2 fingers. The men closing in, she realized she needed to make her escape. Once the battle was over, an Elvish man by the name of Iolas Elrel cautiously approached the dragon. Iolas convinced the hatchling that he would take him to a safe place and ensure his safety and wellbeing. After quite a distance of travel through cold mountains, they arrived in Highrock , a temple city high in the Aleraster Mountains. After several weeks with the monks, Iolas gave the dragon the name Bevaltrvax , the redeemed. Bevaltrvax was pleased with this name and began to learn about the world from the monks. Iolas realized quickly as did Malvolia that this dragon was special. Although all dragons are magical creatures, this dragon had a strong arcane nature. After some study, he concluded that some of the magic from an ancient shard must lie within him. Upon this realization, he immediately began training the Bevaltrvax to utilize this power from within him. Iolas, like the other monks, belonged to a secretive organization called The Vanguardians. They followed Maesis , the God of Protection. Through this belief, they utilized their strength to protect the Asceveron from the many evils of the world. One of their charges was to hunt down wanted fugitives and bring them to justice. This bounty hunter wing of the organization is where Bevaltrvax found his interest drawn to. Bevaltvax learned that his dragon form would be misunderstood by many people and that he should keep it hidden while out in the world until he was sure that the people around him could be trusted. He developed the form of a young Elvish man who looks like he could have been Iolas’ son. While in this form, he learned how to utilize his magic as well as the skills needed to track down fugitives. Iolas provided him an identity while in this form. As he would travel the world, he would be known by the name Althinias Luumha. Bevaltrvax – Bev-alt-er-vax “ The Redeemed ” Bevaltrvax through his training had learned much and loved to watch the ships traveling up and down the coastline. But though he had moments of calm like this, he yearned to put his power and strength to the test. The day would soon come that he would be sent out on his own. Iolas quickly found that the shard energy within Bevaltrvax had an unusual consequence. Within no time at all, the dragon grew into a wyrmling from his hatchling form. Iolas discussed the possibilities of this strange magic with Bevaltrvax throughout his training. Knowing full well that the dragon that returned to the temple could be much different than the dragon that left, Iolas sent him on a mission that would take him to distant places. Ever mindful that people could misunderstand his true form, he stayed transformed while around other people. Having command of both the air and the sea, Bevaltrvax utilized his dragon form to fly during the night and swim during the day to cover vast distances quickly. He was going to see this mission through to the end. Ever present in his thoughts was the idea of gathering a hoard. This urge was not out of greed like the chromatic dragons, but instead out of a need to save as much wealth as possible, including magical items. He knew that some day in the future his wealth would be needed to fight oppression and gathering as much as he could was his way of preparing for the future. On his travels he had picked up a decent amount of coin, mostly from savaging sunken ships. His mission was clear. He was to locate the Pyrate criminal Grax Brelon. Wanted for pyrating and murder, this lizardman must be brought to justice. While attempting to locate Grax , Althinias learned that his ship was attacked by the Merchant Navy. Both him and Captain Brellon went missing, but remnants of Brellon’s body had been found on a beach near Plailes. Following the trail of rumors, he found himself in the city of Roafort within the Stammont Kingdom. While trying to track down Grax , many people spoke of Brellon’s Treasure. It is unknown how much treasure he has or where it was hidden, but this made Althinias even more motivated to find Grax. He learned that recently he was sent to the Greenvail Forest in search of a group of people he was in league with. Utilizing his powers of persuasion, he convinced Grand Master O’Hannon to send him to the location the party went to. Once teleported, Althinias found himself in a thick forest and upon hearing a sound in the distance, he noticed a group of people emerging from a cave… Personality Trait : Bevaltrvax is organized, determined, and has a love for the sea. H is mood often influences the weather around him. Sad: Light Rain/Snow Happy: Sunny and clear Angry: Thunder and Lightning Unsettled: Windy Content: Calm and cloudy Ideals : Bevaltrvax openly and actively opposes tyranny. If he sees injustice being done, it is difficult for him not to step in and help. He is capable of holding himself back, waiting for the right moment to pound on the issue. Bond : The most important person in his life is Iolas Elrel. He is a member of The Vanguardians. Flaw : Though his magic is strong, he struggles to harness elements outside of his true nature as a Bronze Dragon. When he attempts a spell that deals damage of a different type, he gets a random result.

===== FILE: Amara Stormborn (Emily)\Amara Stormborn Background.docx =====

Amara is a member of The Storm League. A secret society whose charge is to ensure the perpetual power of the storm. The storm is the bringer of cleansing, life, and change. Devout worship of the Storm Lord ensures the perpetuation of life to Eldarum. Toros, The Storm Lord, wields the power nature to shape the world of Eldarum. He has the power to block out the sun, reshape the landscape, and bring life giving water to the plants and animals that require it to survive. Many people across the world call on Toros for calm weather on the seas. Toros is also called upon in times of war. Controlling the weather and using the power of lightning grants the wielder great power to defeat their enemies. Nila, the Goddess of Nature, calls upon Toros as the equalizer. In times of the past, massive cyclones engulfed Eldarum as the gods struggled for power over this plane. A secret organization called the Storm League ensures that Toros has the power to continue his charge. Amara has been tasked with meeting up with a roaming Druid Gadarast who lives within the forest. The forest is large and he travels around a lot, but it was suggested that she start in the north and work her way down towards Faehodin to try to locate him. A message arrived within the group that powerful forces have once again started to appear and they appear to be the strongest within Asceveron. She is to investigate these occurrences, determine what they mean, and call upon Toros to ensure that nature prevails. Amara moves like a storm and she goes where the wind takes her. Amara started on the southern continent of Odesus in a city called Pututa'ane. She traveled to the port city of Kituwai and then sailed to Silae on the continent of Lucani. From there she arrive d at the large port city of Jala on Lucani. D epart ing Jala to the Sverge Republic within Asceveron. She landed at the capital city of Narlow and traveled to the port city of Hazelshire in the north of the Sverge Republic. Finally , she set sail for her last leg of her journey to Baycliff, Stammont Kingdom. Once in the Stammont Kingdom, Amara headed Northwest towards the Greenvale Forest. She made a stop off in Beggars Hole within the Elliswich quag, meeting with Brothi , a Male Lizardfolk member of The Storm League. Brothi informed her of the dangers of traveling within the forest alone and suggested that she meet up with a group of adventurers that just left town headed north.

===== FILE: Anocheth (Christian)\Anoceth Backstory.docx =====

Anoceth Backstory: Backstory: Anoceth grew up in the Sverge Republic capital city of Narlow. Anoceth is the middle child of Thommas and Amabillia Auvray. Thommas is a Captain in the Merchant Navy and his mother is a homemaker. His elder brother Bellus broke family tradition and started apprenticing as a Blacksmith. By now, he must be a Master Blacksmith in his own right. His younger sister Adela always had an interest bookkeeping and is currently working for the Long Trading Company, one of the 5 primary trading companies in the Sverge Republic. Lo ng Trading Company - Ranked #1 Hallow Shipping – Ranked #2 Contract Shipping – Ranked #3 Demande Traders – Ranked #4 Hawk Trading – Ranked #5 When Anoceth grew up, it was understood that he would join the Merchant Navy when he turned of age. As Anoceth aged, an unusual ability started to appear. When he was experiencing an emotion, he would start to slightly alter his appearance while black smoke surrounded him. As he grew older, he gained control over th e reflex to change appearance, but still the black smoke grew stro nger. It has been a closely guarded family secret as it is an extremely rare trait. His parents thought shaming him would make the ability not happen, but this shaming instead caused him to sometimes drop unconscious in difficult situations. About the time he was coming of age, his father thought of a specialty posting within the Merchant Navy, given his special ability. Anoceth was to become a spy for the Merchant Navy in conjunction with the Long Trading Company. To achieve this goal, Anoceth spent 1 year as a sailor in the Long Trading Company and 2 years in the Merchant Navy. In the Merchant Navy, he made a close friend Remi Forlette , from whom he is excited to see anytime the two are in the same port. Eventually, his father shared your special ability with Admiral Garelet Bouchet for consideration for special assignment. After 1 more year of specialty training, including time on various ships, he was finally granted his assignment and headed out to sea headed towards the Stammont Kingdom. Neither Admiral Garelet or the Long Trading Company are aware of the “Black smoke” effect. By this time, Anoceth has begun to been able to control the smoke. As he gains control over it, he has noticed a presence in the smoke. Whatever this smoke effect is, he feels that the power of his mind is somehow tied to it. Over the past few months, he has tried to focus and manifest the smoke at will. So far, he has not been able to achieve anything with the smoke, but he has gained control over its appearance. He feels like it won’t be long before he realizes its purpose… Assignment: Infiltrate the Stammont Kingdom and learn how trade works within the Kingdom. Determine the possible future needs of the Kingdom, including war preparation. Infiltrate the Zrelia Dynasty and learn how trade works within the Dynasty. Determine the possible future needs of the Kingdom, including war preparation. Determine if the Merchant Navy, Long Trading Company or Sverge Republic are at risk of any attacks or incursions from either the Stammont Kingdom or the Zrelia Dynasty. Determine the various Pyrate * groups and captains running those groups. Find the location of hidden Pyrate * base of operations. Report all findings directly back to Admiral Garelet in person. * In this world Pirate is spelled Pyrate. Character Traits: Personality Trait: Even though I have been trained, I am a little uneasy with this assignment in foreign lands. I am excited but anxious about what this “black smoke” will become. Ideals: My gift is unique. I must keep the true nature of my shape-changing secret. Bonds: Family ( Thommas (father), Amabilla (mother), Bellus (brother), Adela (sister), Remi Forlette (Friend), Admiral Garelet Bouchet (Handler) Flaws: I had some close calls as a child exposing my true nature. Ever since then, I “shut down” when I feel as though my true nature might get revealed. Level 1- 7 : When charmed, instead I fall unconscious for 1 minute to avoid people learning my true nature. I may repeat the saving throws against the charm effect as normal. I also roll a Constitution check each round after succeeding in my charmed saving throw. On a success, I regain consciousness. DC 13 L evel 8 – 15 : I have overcome the challenges of my childhood and I no longer suffer from this problem. Level 16 – 20: I have turned this lifelong challenge into a strength. I have Advantage on Saving throws against being Charmed. Should I fail the saving throw, I can choose to go unconscious instead for up to 1 minute. I may end this unconsciousness at will any time within 1 minute. I may repeat the saving throws against the charm effect as normal. After up to 1 minute, if I return to consciousness still under the effect of the Charmed condition, I am still bound by the charm effect. Starting Items: Map of the Sverge Republic trading routes. (DM will provide to you when complete) 2 False identities. One for the Stammont Kingdom and one for the Zrelia Dynasty. Specialty cloak that allows for a believable reason for change of appearance. Minor Transmutation magical essence (for magical detection only) 10 layers that can be flipped over head (changing appearance) Each layer changes the appearance of the clothing being worn. Normal starting equipment. 100 gp (Provided extra gold to help with mission ).

===== FILE: Fiadh Stormforge (Emily)\Fiadh backstory COMPLETE.docx =====

Fiadh Half-Orc Blood Hunter Castle Ghealach is the castle in the mountains that is home The Black Tusk tribe made a home near the mountains in a well-protected valley. They are known to ransack any travelers that come into their territory. They claim the land from the base of the mountain to the coast. They are agile hunters and expert fisherfolk with spears and nets. They sometimes war with other local orc and ogre clans. War is a way of life and having massive land is a sign of strength. They rarely allow anyone but the tribe to traverse their land. Very few traders are able to make contact with the orcs and normally have to meet at the borders. The handful that are allowed on tribal land have earned the limited trust of the Chieftan Nok’tar and the other leaders of the clan (Shaman, War Chief, Master crafters). The tribe Chieftan Nok’tar is getting old and several of the stronger orcs are planning to kill him to take over the clan. Many orcs think the current Chieftan is weak for allowing outsiders into their lands. Lag’ra was allowed to chose her own mate since she was the Shaman of the tribe. She fell in love with a human. Several of the tribe saw this as a weakness but were unable to do anything about it since it wasn’t forbidden by the Chieftan. Khartag was a mighty warrior for the tribe and saw this as a weakening of the blood line. Khartag wanted to return the tribe to the old ways of blood shed and war. Khartag planned to take Lag’ra as his mate to rule the tribe, but she loved a human over him. Rolland is a well-known trader of furs and pelts within the tribe. He would frequent the tribal lands looking to trade his wares and to secretly meet with his love Lag’ra. He was excited at the prospect of becoming a father when he was told the news by Lag’ra. Rolland had planned on skirting them away to live with him. Rolland is Blood Hunter/ Ranger for the Order of the Lycan. He joined the order at the same time as his best friend Darragh Stormforge (a duergar blood hunter ). Rolland is a rare white tiger lycanthrope. Darragh is the only one who knew about Lag’ra and Rolland’s plan to leave the order. Darragh was angry with him leaving, but agreed to accompany him that night as he always had to visit Lag’ra. Darragh kept Rolland’s bow so he could go into the camp. The night he came to take his pregnant Lag’ra away was the same night the warrior Khartag decided to overthrow the Chieftan Nok’tar. Lag’ra was attacked for being loyal to the Chieftan. Khartag wanted Lag’ra for a mate and when she refused him, he killed her. Rolland came during the night and was able to save the baby. Rolland took his loves tusks so the baby would have them per the custom of the tribe. Rolland escaped with the baby during the night, but was tracked by Khartag and his posse. Rolland was tortured to near death and thrown down a ravine to die along with the baby. Darragh smelled the blood and ran to find Rolland near death. Rolland was feral with grief and pain. Rolland bit the child to try and save it from its injuries, hoping the lycanthropy would save her. In his feral form he nearly killed the child in the process. Darragh was able to get the baby away from Rolland. Rolland was stricken with grief and shame that he had lost the love of his life and nearly killed his child. Rolland made Darragh promise to watch over the child. Rolland was a very prideful man and decided to exile himself. Rolland couldn’t bring himself to return to the order with this shame. Darragh took the child to the Order to be healed by their clerics of Nila (or moon god/god dess). Darragh named her Fiadh for her wild spirit. The Order decided to bind Fiadh’s lycanthropy until she was fully trained in the order and went thru the trials. Darragh became her mentor and trained her in the art of the sword, bow, and crossbow. Darragh was strict in training Fiadh but had a soft spot for her. Darragh helped to toughen her to the harsh life that a Blood Hunter must lead to hunt the things that strike fear in common folk. Darragh is a highly respected member in the Order of the Lycan and rarely takes on a protege. When she would ask about her parents, Darragh would tell her they were killed by Orcs. When she came of age, Darragh made her mother’s tusks into earrings as a gift per her birth tribes custom. Darragh plans on giving her Rolland’s bow when she finishes her trials. Darragh has tried to keep tabs on Rolland after the left. Most of the Order believes he is dead, only Darragh and the Leaders know the truth. T he member s of the Order of the Lycan have a strong familial bond. They are a small order filled with orphans and outcasts. Fiadh is closest to a Terra, a female fire Genasi and her mate, Dante, a male human. Fiadh has grown up with them and accomplished most of her trials with them. They ha ve a daughter, Charolin d. Fiadh has started to mentor Char and is her godmother. Darragh has set off to find my father to get him to return to the Order. Rolland can’t survive without the Order; we are a pack. Now that Fiadh is an adult and about to become a member of the Order, he wants to convince Rolland to return. My father doesn’t realize that he didn’t kill me. Darragh knows he would be proud of who I’ve become and it just might save him from the path he has gone down. Darragh hasn’t returned from his mission to find Rolland. No one in the order has heard from him. Fiadh is being sent to find out what happened. Personality Traits: Sometimes the animal comes out while in her human form. She sometimes growls when she is angry. She prefers to sleep on the floor. She has a voracious appetite and sometimes prefers raw meet. She is determined to train and learn as much as she can She doesn’t flinch at danger and actually enjoys the thrill of the fight. The lines of good and evil can often be blurred. I would sacrifice myself for my Order or family. Ideals: I’m not that reliant on faith but I respect that my order worships Nila and the white moon Ti vo li. Tradition is important and should be passed on to the new generations of blood hunters. Friendship, Family, and the Order are the most important. Honor, I don’t steal from others in the Order and will help a fellow member. I will not dishonor my Order. Aspiration, I work hard to be the best I can in my craft. Bonds: Memory of my mother, I will make her proud and find out what happened Darragh Stormforge Terra Dante Charolind The Order of the Lycan Flaws: Prey animals are uneasy when near her She sometimes growls when she gets angry She can be hot headed and impatient. She wants to get the job done. Can be abrasive and brutally honest at times. She knows nothing is forever in the world and it’s best to rip the bandage off and move forward. She is cautious when meeting new people. Once she calls you family there is nothing, she wouldn’t do to protect you. She is uncomfortable around nobles and prefers the company of the Order and common folk. Fiadh (means wild in Gaelick ) : a fierce 25 y/o female half-orc. She stands 6 ft 1in. She has olive green skin and black tusks. She has black hair that she keeps partially tied with several braids woven with leather bands. She has unnaturally piercing ice blue eyes. She has several scars on her face and body. She has several dark black tattoos. Most notable are her neck tattoo that is in the shape of the eye of the storm and the black band across her eyes. She has several piercings. She has her mother’s tusks as ear rings. She has a brand of the Order of the Lycan on her right wrist. She is the daughter of Lag’ra (an orc shaman) and Rolland (a human ranger that traded with the tribe). Her birthplace was in the Black Tusk tribe near the Rockcoast. She has a wild spirit and is often compared to a tempest. She has a tendency to be hot headed and will lash out if she is angry. She is driven to get a job done as fast as she can and can be impatient. She is very eager to learn as much as she can to help her avenge her parents. She is always trying to find out more about their lives and how they were killed. She only knows what little she has been told by her mentor Darragh Stormforge. She isn’t sure to which tribe she owes her Orc blood to or who her parents were. She only has a tusk from her mother and wears it as a necklace to keep her close. Darragh ( Darrache ) Stormforge : Gruff, deep-voiced, gray dwarf (duergar), hazel eyes , black and white hair/beard , black band tattoo from ear to ear across his eyes. Has several metal bands in his hair and beard to signify monsters he has defeated. He is a strong fighter and cherishes his scimitars. He sees Fiadh as his niece and is filled with pride when she does well in training and on hunts. He was a tough mentor but often let his love for her show thru his normally tough exterior. He mourns for the lost of his hunting partner and close friend Rolland. He strives to bring him back to the order and reunite him with his daughter. Rolland is a brother to Darragh. Rolland : Was once a well renowned ranger in the Order, now a drunken mess. He takes odd contract jobs to keep the drink in his hand. He avoids anyone in the Order. He is no longer the charismatic man that was full of life and love. He is tortured by his love’s death. He still thinks his daughter died from the injuries he caused in his rage. He often takes jobs in hopes it will put him out of his misery. He has been stealing jobs from the order. He has fallen in with a rough crowd and has been doing jobs he normally wouldn’t do. Darragh has tried to contact him multiple times but Rolland keeps slipping away. Lawful Neutral

===== FILE: Flavius Stilicho (Dominc)\Falvius Stilicho Backstory.docx =====

Falvius Stilicho Backstory HK-47 was built by the Kaliphate , the governmental order of mages within the Zrelia Dynasty. Headed by the master wizard, Abdul Kareem, this project was designed to build humanoid constructs to infiltrate the Dynasty's enemies. These versatile "droids" as the endeavor came to call them, were built in a top secret facility. After many failings, the project finally built a working droid, the 47th of the line. The droid was imbued with a magical core that housed a soul and allowed for the channeling of limited magic, though it would never be as powerful as its creator. This soul belonged to a nameless serial killer who was given over to the project for the heinous crimes he committed. Though the will of the soul is suppressed, it's homicidal tendencies shine through. Story for plebs: This amulet allows me to not have to sleep, but I have slept so little in the past month that if I were to remove it from my body I would immediately fall unconscious. If you are not wearing your red shard amulet, you turn off. T his amulet, was a way for your creators to harness enough magical potential to power your existence. It has a reasonably large “shard” in it. Maybe 2 ½”-3” and 1/2 “ thick , pulsing with magical power. If you go 1 Minute without the shard necklace on, you power down. I would say that at 3 rd Level as an Artificer, you could figure out a way to integrate this within your body so that it cannot be removed or otherwise “fall off”. Something you will do in secret if you choose. It is immune to the dispel magic. As a spy, you have a well-rehearsed reason that it may cause you to become conscious if that were to happen. ADV &amp; +5 to deception or persuasion should someone question the necklaces ability. COME UP WITH THIS STORY. Could be explained that your heart was failing and a cleric provided this shard keeps you alive (Ironman style). This would of course just be a made-up story. Maybe come up with an NPC name. Maybe at some point as an Artificer, you figure out how to go without it. U pdate the name of your creator , a Halfling named. Sennofre Khouniro. Your mission is for the God Hazoret and is not listed on the pervious email. He is a living “under-god” and only applies to Zrelia and is not known (perhaps) by outsiders. NG Hazoret God Pharaoh of Zrelia X X X X Flaw: Level 1- 2: Intelligence 10 (Around when you level to 3, your INT increases by 2) Something I will revel to you in game, restores some of your processing ability Only knows name of contact he is supposed to meet in starting city who probably has mission for HK. Identification: Your agency provides you with identification papers establishing your true identity. You also realize at Level 3 to be revealed in game you have false papers and matching travel documents showing different identities, when you need them for a mission. (Any time you enter a foreign nation, it is a good idea for you to do so under a false identity.) Level 3 – 4: Intelligence 12 (Around when you level to 5, your INT increases by 2) Something I will revel to you in game, improves access to memory files Remembers that his purpose is subterfuge and espionage, but not details of mission Level 5 – 8: Intelligence 14 (Around after you level to 9, your INT increases by 2) Something I will revel to you in game, boosts your processor to “Turbo mode” Remembers mission objectives but not who gave them to him or why. Level 9 – 13: Disadvantage on History Checks With restored computer, the database is corrupt and needs to be completely reorganized. This could take some time without proper assistance. Remembers all mission objectives, their scope, who created him, remembers one way transmitter and what it does. Assignments. Something I will revel to you in game. You might be assigned specific tasks at any time. You have wide latitude regarding how you carry out a task, and your assignments can sometimes be very broad and require considerable time to complete. Level 14 – 17: No adverse effect (database has been rebuilt, functioning normally) Operating at normal design parameters Level 18 – 20: Advantage on Perception and Investigation Checks Something I will revel to you in game, Improves the capabilities your sensors. Expense Account. You have access to an account main tained at the banks of House Kundarak. You can use this account to pay your daily living expenses, as well as for purchasing anything you need for completing your missions-equipment, transportation, bribes, and so on. Your normal spending limit is 100 gp per month for each member of your group. If you exceed that, your agency asks you to account for the month's expenses, and they might require you to pay back the excess if you can't justify it (at the DM's discretion). You can't carry over an unused amount from one month to the next, and your access to this account can be cut off at any time if you abuse it or fall out of the agency's good graces. The agency is aware of every time you access the account and where you are when you do so. Having such a benefits is useful, but it can also come with repercussions which might lead to entirely new missions. Lightning Ball Wand( activated inside your “pistol”) 1 st Level Evocation ------------------------------------------------------ - Casting Time: 1 action - Range: 120 feet - Components: S - Duration: Instantaneous You hurl a small blue ball of energy at a creature or object within range. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the target takes 3d8 lightning damage upon contact with the target as the ball releases its energy into creature. We should change your alignment to Lawful Neutral. I say this for a few reasons: You are a spy assassin. If compared to our world, if you were a CIA agent, you would be lawful. You might be good, but given that you might be an assassin, you will do what you need to do to protect your country if that requires assassinating people (Good or Neutral). Same would apply if your were in the KGB which is what this situation is like.. Unless your goal is to seed evil in the world, you are not Evil. The Zrelian Dynasty isn’t evil. It may be considered evil by the Stammont Kingdom, but it isn’t inherently evil. In my opinion, it isn’t really viable to have an evil character with non-evil characters in an adventuring party. Eventually the true evil will show and characters that are good would not stand for it so it wouldn’t last. If we did a full evil party, then that is a different story. You would have been provided with some details before you left to assist in your mission, but the question I have for you is with your “head injury” what % and parts of your mission briefing would you remember? Based on your response, if you do remember some details of the map, I can provide crude map of what you recall. Also, I would say you perhaps don’t have a good measure of time at this point, so you don’t know how long ago your left? Play with the details here, but I do think it would also be interesting to just have random memories pop up, and when you get an INT boost, you will have even more pop up. Technology: Think of some very cool mix out of magic, invention, and tinkering and come up with some cool stuff that fits the setting like a hand crossbow “pistol” with a magazine. You don’t have to have winged boots, instead you could have pack or something coming out of your feet like a magic “wind”. morph into your backstory: Whether you were created by accident or on purpose, you have been tasked by the Zrelia Dynasty in completely infiltrate the Stommont Kingdom. The Zrelia Dynasty has various magic and technology that the outside world is unaware of. It is not so obvious to stick out, but unique variations on arcane and crafted builds. For the past 4 years, the Zrelia Dynasty has been digging a large tunnel in the underdark that will link up to the Stommont Kingdom. Their massive losses in Tomb Bay have made them realize that they need to attack from sea and from behind enemy lines. To build the tunnel, they have enlisted the help of Drow and Duergar as the Zrelia are at home with many of the so called monstrous races. Your mission has the following goals: Build trust within ever increasing ranks within the Stammont Kingdom Determine if they have any idea of any plans the Zrelia Dynasty has for attacks How do they think Zrelia will attack? When will Zrelia attack? How will Zrelia attack? Who will be the military commanders for the Stammont Kingdom? Report back to Nzarial Grouline of progress made (via one-way transmitter (i.e. 1 way sending, max 1x weekly) Use coded messages for all communication Visit Rockcoast , Slygallow , and Darkshore and evaluate current military unit numbers, ships, armament, and siege weapons Sew rumors of poor treatment of subjects within the Kingdom Sew rumors that King Harris Stammont IV has lost his mind and will lead the Kingdom to its doom. Report back on the power, influence, and might that the Sverge Republic has (3 rd island). Undermine trade routes between the Sverge Republic and the Stammont Kingdom Determine if there are any weak points within the Sverge Republic and report bck Determine where the supply lines are weak between the continent of Lucani and the Sverge Republic and what single action may result in successfully controlling those lines (optional) Set Ablaze Rockcoast , Slygallow , and/or Darkshore. Make it look like an accident. (optional) Turn a high ranking official or spy of the Kingdom to the side of the Dynasty (optional) Assassinate King Harris Stammont IV and his heirs. (optional) kidnap military leadership and smuggle/lead them to Kazon (Zrelia Dynasty capitol city) Of course this is what you were set out to do. If you had an “accident” and somehow lost some of your Intelligence, this may be harder to achieve at first. You may revert to more basic instincts until/unless you are repaired or otherwise resolve the issue. Also critical to some of the interactions would be to list what you remember, and what you do not remember and provide that to me. That will help form the basis of requiring a deception roll to hide your intentions. An example might be: Where did you get that interesting contraption (“pistol”)? Maybe you don’t remember and when you say that, you arnt lying. As for my creation, if there is only one place it could have been that's cool. I could have also been an experiment gone haywire where an automaton somehow got a soul trapped inside it. A process that would be next to impossible to replicate. I have no strong feelings one way or the other. Artificer skills: Perception, Sleight of hand Warforged skill: intimidation artificer Tool proficiency: thieves tools, tinker's tools, alchemist tools Warforged tool proficiency: navigation tools Custom background Assassin (2 skills, 2 tools): stealth, deception, disguise kit, poisoner's kit Extra language : ??? Depends on my creator? My main weapon would be my two handed blaster (heavy crossbow) with two blaster pistols (hand crossbows) as backup weapons. HK-47 would be programmed to follow the orders of his master (whoever owns him). This could be one of the other PC's and I think that would make the most sense. In his downtime, he would either be plotting to kill someone that would benefit his master or a mark his master had designated or he would be building weapons and other miscellaneous objects that would aid in assassination. He has an overwhelming desire to kill "meat bags" as he calls organic beings. His solution to most problems will be "kill it" but he will never disobey his master and follows their lead. Right now his processing core has been damaged and this has affected his memory. His starting intelligence is 10 until he can repair it or find a replacement (headband of intelligence). I have a funny idea for how the core got damaged but we can discuss that depending on what you think of the character so far. What do you think?

===== FILE: Grax Brelon (Campbell)\Grax Background.docx =====

Grax : Hey Mike, I'm considering a Lizard Folk Barbarian ( Grax ). There are a couple of adjustments I was thinking about. Lizard folk are basically emotionless, which could make "rage" seem out of character. I was thinking of it being more of a fight or flight response. Along with that I thought it might be a cool idea to not limit the number of "rages" but instead make a roll to see if the natural fight or flight response kicks in based on enemy threat levels. I know it could mess with the character build but I thought it would be a cool mechanic and character flavor piece. I was going to go LOW INT, high CON STR AGI, mid WIS, mid-low CHA. I was also thinking the available "totems" don't necessarily make sense for lizard folk. I was thinking of making a totem of the crocodile. The bonuses could be 1. "Thick skinned" While raging resistance to all damage accept psychic. 2. "Underwater predator" Gain the ability to track enemies through and underwater/advantage on stealth when mostly submerged in water. 3. "Death Roll" While raging, you can use a bonus action to knock a large or smaller enemy prone. (#1, and #3 are the same as what's in the book for totem of the bear and totem of the wolf respectively. #2 is kind of an adaptation from what I'm seeing from the other totems that seems to make sense for a crocodile) With this back story I don't think Grax would know draconic even though the build in the book says he would. I'm thinking his INT will be low enough that he can't read, however, I think given his back story he may recognize certain symbols with theive's cant that point to provisions ie ... food, bandages, potions and weapons. He wouldn't have cared to learn markings for money etc... As far as back story I was thinking something along the lines of... When " Grax " just a hatchling some pirates made land fall on the small swampy island his mother called home. Grax's mother, like most Lizard folk, was ferocious when she felt her hatchling was threatened and she attacked. She killed several pirates attacking from the swampy water, but alas she was defeated. When the pirate captain, Brellon , saw her hatchling he decided to make it a pet. Growing up with the pirates gave Grax an understanding of the softskins. However he never really understood their desire for the " shinies ". Grax's aggressive nature endeared him to the crew, however, some of the sailors were off put by Grax's behavior, often cannibalizing their dead and so he learned to only eat foes and not the allied meat. With Grax's involvement, the dreaded Captain Brellon had gained the vicious reputation of cannibalizing prisoners, often taking live prisoners, never to be seen or heard from again. On more than one occasion Brellon had instructed Grax to take the ring of a stubborn merchant captain or crew member. Grax would remove the hand and begin eating it in front of his victim, spitting out the ring and tossing it to Brellon. Brellon used all of this to his advantage and spread rumors that he would spare crew and passengers, save one, provided they surrendered without a fight and gave up their cargo and coin. Brellon would always take the largest person from the surrendered vessel, often times their screams were heard as the pirate ship sailed away. With the slowed military engagements between the kingdoms, the military had begun dealing with some of the pirates in the region. Captain Brellon's reputation was one that even gave Royal Navy crews cause for hesitation. Because of this, ships were sent out in groups of three or more to put a stop to his marauding. It just so happened that two such groups found Captain Brellon's ship as his crew was in the process of loading cargo from a captured merchant vessel onto his own. The Navy did not hesitate to begin their attack even as the captain's ship was tethered to the merchant vessel. It didn't take long for the six ships to set the captain's ship ablaze along with the merchant vessel. The captain was struck by an arrow (or shot if gunpowder is a thing), and Grax tried to save him. This could be considered out of character for Lizard folk except for the fact that Captain Brellon had been providing food for Grax for as long as Grax could remember, and Grax had grown to see his softskin crew mates as being fragile and needing protection like a hatchlings. Brellon did not survive the swim to shore even though Grax could pull him through water at a relatively fast pace. The ordeal left two major impressions on Grax. Number one, he does not like fire, and two, he does not like the royal navy, though they provoke entirely different instincts. After the Royal Navy's victory over Captain Brellon , Grax began hunting them and would often kill single watchmen on Royal Navy ships and docks, striking from the water with his barbed spear and rope, pulling the men under to finish them quickly. I see Grax as true neutral. For the most part everything is about survival, even though one of his favorite foods is Royal Navy flesh. As far as meeting the other characters I could see Grax falling in with any thief or assassin with no problems at all. Being that he doesn't care about money, he only cares for food, potions and weapons as needed or at least what he can trade for them. If someone has a character along those lines, we could have met when they were trying to lift a payroll chest from a Royal Navy ship or assassinate a particular naval soldier and Grax pretty much paved the way by picking off the guards before the thief/assassin made their way onto the docked ship. From that point Grax could have been recruited to be part of his/her crew. If that doesn't work for the meetup I'm sure you've got ideas that can work. What are your thoughts? Thanks, Christopher P.S. As far as religion I think this character would be more superstitious than religious. I can look into weird superstitions and use them in the characters general behavior. I'm thinking something along the lines of "The Great Devourer". Perhaps it's the endless hunger of the sea, continually trying to swallow the land and ships that float on it. Or perhaps a leviathan god that lives in the sea. Certain things cause it to notice you as prey. For example, "Bad Luck" superstitions of sailors include 1. Seeing a red head before boarding a ship. You can counteract the bad luck by speaking to the redhead before they can speak to you. 2. Women on ships. You can counteract that by them being naked which is believed to calm the sea. 3. Someone saying "good luck" or "goodbye" or mentioning drowning. This can be counteracted by drawing blood. Typically a punch in the nose was considered effectual. 4. Whistling while sailing or singing into the wind was believed to "whistle up a storm". There is nothing said to counteract that, but I'm sure I can figure something out. 5. Bananas are bad luck, there are a lot of theories why, but a lot of sailors weren't willing to board a ship that had banana's as cargo. 6. Clergy are considered bad luck (It's a Jonah thing). 7. Pierced ears, more specifically gold hoops, were considered good luck. They were believed to have healing properties and prevent drowning. Along with those that I found, I am working on figuring out a few more. There's always spilling salt, black cats, breaking mirrors etc. I'm thinking about things like spilling another's drink means you have to dump your own and pour two more. Waking a dreaming person requires you to spin three times to the left and touch gold to get the bad luck not to stick. Things along those lines. So the primary predator of crocodiles is other crocodiles. I could see that as being the "face" of his god maybe adding tentacles due to stories of ships being pulled under the waves by giant tentacles, still calling him "The Great Devourer". I see the water itself being subject to The Great Devourer and things that are "bad luck" drawing his attention. I'm okay with that god being considered more of a superstition and not so much an actual being by the general population. It kind of plays into the whole superstition and odd behaviors that have to take place to be safe from his insatiable hunger. A few more bad juju things I thought of. Someone else touching your gold would be bad luck. If that happens the gold must be cleansed with salt water or fire. If someone touches your gold after spinning to the left three time and touching gold to get rid of their bad juju it is better to just toss it into the sea that to try and cleanse it. Red heads aboard a ship must have brighter red cheeks than their hair to "hide" their hair from the great devourer. This can be accomplished by pinching or slapping the cheeks before the redhead boards. Clergy should be kept in a separate vessel to keep the ship safe. It can be cheated as long as they are in a box that is hung above the deck. The box doesn't have to be closed, but must have solid sides and bottom and it is better that the box be closed during loading and unloading and NEVER touches the deck. Of coarse all of the bad juju things can be broken, but I think sailors and of coarse Grax should have some bad reactions to it. If anything bad happens on a voyage it is more than likely that the bad juju behavior/status/feature is what is blamed. I think we could make the great devourer be a multi-faced god. Having a giant eagle being one face, a giant crocodile being one face, an giant octopus being one face, we could have a giant lion being one face. Being that this is D&amp;D one face could be a dragon, or the hydra could be one manifestation as well. Different areas have different superstitions, however, his would mostly revolve around the sea and swamps being that is where the most of his life has been spent. I see him as being quick to adopt new superstitions, especially if they are said to involve the great devourer. I can definitely work with the darkening sky thing. Situational rage may need to be a thing with that too. As far as deep water, I think he would be cautious, and more skittish while being in deep water. Sharks fins are a sure sign of eminent death with sailors superstitions, so things of that nature would definitely set off an instinctual need to avoid those situations. I'm thinking the look of this guy is mostly a dark green, with yellow visible when he rests or flares his scales. The green would have a sheen like dark emerald in bright light, but appear almost black in shadow. I'm thinking one long fin along the spine, with varying length, all the way to the tip of the tale, and one fin on each side of the head just behind the jaw. When they're tucked you just see the dark green of the spines, when they are flared they have an orange base fading to a yellow tip. I figure his jaw and the crown of his head around and down the sides of his back would have spiked scales. These aren't really a weapon type of thing, but something that you wouldn't really want to punch with a bare fist. When he's warning enemies to back off or feeling dominant in a non-stalking situation he would be flaring his fins and scales, however, if he felt threatened, his fins and scales would be tucked and he would appear very dark. From what limited research I've done on lizards this seems about right for the species, with a touch D&amp;D flare. What would you think about advantage on intimidation or a modifier when he flares? I'm thinking like the little dinosaurs on Jurassic Park. The first time I they flared I jumped and I knew it was just a movie lol. Being that his background was being a pirate's tool for intimidation it makes sense. Keep in mind his charisma is going to be pretty low. I mean who wants to hang around a big, smelly, stupid lizard that would eat you if he was hungry and didn't need you for anything else. I personally think a modifier is better in this situation. It seems more like a constant as apposed to the chance of weaving the right words together. From you: As for your “totem”, I agree. I would say that it is more of a trait that is improved over time. I have adjusted them slightly to better suit the Dnd phrasing as you can see below. On another note, Lizardflok always need to make sure they have water on their skin daily. The more time you spend adventuring on land, the more you will have to search out a way to do that. Of course in real life there are desert lizards, there are average climate lizards, and there are rainforest lizards. Given the build is based on water, we could say you are an average climate lizard, but being in a desert would definitely cause some issues if not mitigated in some way. Because of this, I adjusted the path to include a new spell create water which you can cast as a ritual. It makes a lot of sense thematically. I have customized the spell below to better suit your character be removing the destory water from the normal spell, adding the ritual tag, changing the water from fresh to salt or swamp water, increasing the amount of water 10x, doubling the range and size of the spell, and finally allowing you to cast the water into a depression on the ground. You can still make it rain fresh water and I have allowed you to reduce the size of the rain area to any size up to a 60 foot cube. Also, I was doing some thinking about the “rage” situation. If you want to go with the roll to determine rage thing, I will come up with some sort of calculation like D20 + CON + WIS (or STR) vs Enemy CR – ½ Barbarian Level …or something like that. I need to do some math to make sure it is easy enough to get into a rage with a chance of it not working. I am open to suggestions on how you might want to accomplish this. Path of Nature’s Fury Nature has always provided for you. When you require food, meat is available for you to hunt. When you require shelter, the is always water you can hide in or a rock to squeeze beneath. In battle, natures gifts fill you with supernatural might, adding magical fuel to your barbarian rage. Nature Seeker: Yours is a path that seeks attunement with the natural world. At 3rd level when you adopt this path, you gain the ability to cast the create water and locate animals and plants , but only as rituals as described in chapter 10, “Spellcasting”. Might of the Crocodile: At 3rd level, when you adopt this path, your connection with nature magically augments you, giving you superior prowess over your enemies. You also gain minor physical attributes that are reminiscent of the crocodile. For example, your scales grow thicker as you are magically fueled by rage. Crocodile Scale Armor At 3 rd level, your scaled exterior thickens like a crocodile and makes you tough enough to stand up to any punishment. While raging, you have resistance to all damage except psychic damage. Underwater Predator At 6 th level, your body adapts to a watery environment. Your eyes shift from a bright yellow to a pail green as you gain the ability to track enemies through and under water. Your scales darken to form natural camouflage while in water. You gain advantage on stealth when at least 3/4 submerged in water. Ferocious Carnivore At 10th level, you can unleash additional ferocious attacks on your enemy when you rage. If you do so, for the duration of your rage you can make a single bite as a bonus action on each of your turns after this one. Death Roll At 14 th level, your predatory instincts are heightened to enhance your ability to overwhelm a foe. Your flanks bulge with muscles as the ability to add torsion to your attacks is developed. While raging, you can use a bonus action to knock a large or smaller enemy prone when you hit it with a Melee Attack. Create Water (Ritual) 1 st Level Transmutation Range/Area: 60 ft (up to a 60 ft Cube) Components: S Duration: Instantaneous You create up to 100 gallons of salt water or swamp water within range in an open container or depression on the ground. Alternatively, fresh water falls as rain in up to a 60-foot cube within range, extinguishing exposed flames in the area. I like the Totem stuff you've done. The need for water things sounds like a cool idea to incorporate in the game. The rage formula sounds like it could be good. I'd like to try it out and see how it works. I really dig the idea of it not being a voluntary, emotional response, but based more on instincts and situation. One thing I think needs to be kept in mind is the perceived threat vs. actual threat. For instance, there's a bar fight, there may only be one patron that's willing to fight him, however there may be twenty people staring at him with a defensive stance because they are trying to keep from getting hit themselves. That may cause an instinctual response of multiple enemies. I'm seeing it as, he's far less willing to engage and likely to run in that type of situation if the rage doesn't kick in. That is unless he's in protect the softskins mode. All of that to say I think we may need to be a little fluid with rage until we see how it works in game on a more consistent basis. If there's no chance of failure on rage it will lose it's flavor and be pointless, however if it fails too often it could cripple the character. The exploits of Captain Brellon and crew. Captain Brellon's infamy spread far and wide amongst all three kingdoms of Asceveron. His constant harassment of shipping lines caused more than one company to close it's doors due to loss of revenue. His wealth was rumored to rival that of most nobility, with Brellon often boasting of having enough wealth to join the Lord's Accord, though none know its whereabouts or actual value ( Grax knows several places where treasure is burried but not caring about treasure, and sworn to secrecy, he will not divulge its location. Brellon and Grax would load their portion of the spoils onto a small vessel and sail to undisclosed locations to hide it. "If you tell anyone where this is, there will be no more food for Grax. Understand?"- Brellon ). Several years back the pyrte's settlement of Dragon's Tooth Lagoon was suffering a shortage of food as the wars between kingdoms were stifling production and consuming vast amounts of food. Brellon focused his efforts on grain, livestock and spirits transports and was the chief instrument in saving Dragon's tooth lagoon from starvation. He didn't do this out of charity of coarse , but it was life saving for the people living there none the less. Captain Brellon was considered a hero to the pyrte community. Most depictions of him show him standing tall with a certain Lizardfolk male just behind him. Some know Grax's name, but mostly they just know his reputation as being ferocious and always hungry for flesh. ( Grax doesn't actually care what he eats, he just wants food most of the time and doesn't mind snacking on a finger or two of previous victims)

===== FILE: Inye (Teodora)\Inye Backstory FINAL.docx =====

Inye Backstory Race: Loxodon Class: Warlock (updated) Patron: The Undying: Reani HYPERLINK "https://www.gmbinder.com/share/-LdN9wcc8HqX4RV6cgJt"m HYPERLINK "https://www.gmbinder.com/share/-LdN9wcc8HqX4RV6cgJt"ated Alignment: True Neutral Background: Anthropology Researcher Personality trait: I would rather observe than meddle. Ideals: Understanding life and death as motivators shaping civilizations. Bonds: I won't return to my home unless I have proven my mettle as a philosopher. Flaws: I believe that I'm intellectually superior to people from other cultures and have much to teach them. Background: Inye grew up in the Taiga Valley , a savannah in the central region on the continent of Xaraquin. She spent her youth learning the ways of her people. The Dabu tribe is a relatively small group of Loxodons who are known for their ancient wisdom. Fascinated by the origins of their species, they have spent m illennium passing on their generational knowledge of their race and thousands of years’ worth of shared wisdom. Although Inye has a mother who is important to her, the tribe shares communal responsibilities for their youth, and as such each is as important than the next. The tribe lived in the village of Ubaba , about 100 miles west of Dukbini , an ancient human city. The most gifted of the herd would head into the city to visit the libraries to further research their ancestry. New scrolls were found over time and added to the libraries, so this became an annual practice for the tribe to visit the libraries. Upon their return to home , they would teach what they learned to the group so the knowledge would persist. Inye was particularly capable as a wisdom was strong for her age. Her insight was immediately r ecognized and fostered, which eventually translated to her providing the other youths guidance in their education. When Inye was 57 years old; only a few years from adulthood, she was struck down by a rare disease called Totter Rot. This malady lasted fo r years and no known cure was available. Some of the elders were gifted with natural magic, but even this failed to help against this disease. The tribe sent elders to Dukbini to research a cure, but the elders said that death would come for her soon and they probably would be unable to save her. At death's door, Inye could not accept ; as the elders had, the inevitability of death. They cared for her, but also kept their distance in fear of the disease spreading. Fevered, delusional and near death, Inye rebelled and the angel of death Ala, listened. Outside the sky darkened and the first drops of a rare summer rain hit the ground. The cool air came through the door as the rain turned into a heavy deluge. Inye summoned the last of her energy and was able to get out of bed and to the door. As she stumbled outside, the water hitting her hide invigorated her for an instant into pure focus. As she peered out into the heavy rain, she noticed a brief shimmer of light at the edge of town. Taking her las steps, she fell to the ground barely breathing. As her vision focused, she saw there was a red crystal that was exposed from the water washing away the dirt. Inye grabbed the crystal with her trunk and held it to her chest. As she did this she took her last breath. Some time later, Inye woke rejuvenated and full of life. Recalling what had occurred during brush with death, she realized that the crystal must have saved her. She remembered holding it to her chest, but it was no where to be found. With the energy pulsing within her, she spoke to the elders and told them what had happened. They were curious about the story she told, but thought that it was just a delusion from the fever. The agreed that then needed to send someone to the city to research these crystals. Inye was not of age, nor in a position within the tribe to take on this task. She pleaded with the elders and gave a convincing argument. She then headed directly to Dukbini the same day to learn as much as she could about this power. During her journey, she struggled to juxtapose the knowledge she had gained from her years of study with what she experienced. The herd did not hold strong religious beliefs and as such she was l eft bewildered by what had occurred. Once in Dukbini , Inye immediately gravitated to the Vade Mecum Athenaeum , the great library that her elders spoke about. While studying within the library, she was approached by an elf named Musa Adeyemi, an Academic. She was soon accepted into the Dapany Institute of knowledge , led by Musa. While within the institute, Musa ensured that her needs were taken care of so she could focus on her studies. Over the years, she developed a close relationship with Musa , anoth er of the long living races of the world. Valued for her knowledge and wisdom; after 50 years of service, she was awarded the title “ Scholar of Dapany ”. After a few centuries of studies, Inye was visited in her dreams by Ala. She was shown her slow decl ine and eventual death by old age. The only escape from this eventuality was for her to embrace Ala’s gifts and search for this ancient source of power: shards. Through the years she saw many humans come to the institute, study, age, and eventually die. Upon the death of one of her colleagues Russom Jakande , she decided to give herself to Ala. Alien to faith, Inye gave herself to Ala’s decree, fearing that the gift given to her so long ago would be taken from her. With her surrender to Ala , Inye began getting regular visions. Following the steps that were laid before her, Inye was given gifts of power. She had read many things about magic, but this was the first time she had experienced it first-hand. Over the following years her power grew and her studies focused on Ala , shards , and magic. She learned quite a lot about magic of the world, and some information about shards, but she was only able to find obscure references to Ala being a spirit morality, fertility, and the ruler of the underworld. Inye learned that shards were powerful remnants of the gods, left on the mortal plane. Nearly 2,000 years ago there was a large battle of the gods. The avatars of the gods who were slain merged with the landscape, leaving behind shards as a concentrated force of some of their divine power. Of all of the places of the world, Asceveron was the largest battle ground. In the ancient texts, s he learned that the northern island of Asceveron contained the largest battles. For years she had studied a shard amulet that was part of the institutes’ holdings. Inye’s visions showed her a path she needed to take to immortality. She must endure a lo ng journey and find a mountainous region a great distance away. There, she would search out these shards to understand their true power. After a few years of close following of Ala , she realized that she felt more invigorated. Her aging seemed to slow a nd the effects of aging seemed to disappear. She received another vision and from it she realized it was time for her to go. Knowing her journey would be dangerous, she harnessed the power provided to her by Ala into a spell of her own making which she n amed Inye’s Death Wave. It harnessed the power of the spirits to protect her while in harm. Inye's Death Wave Necromancy cantrip Casting Time: 1 Action Range: Self Target: 5 ft. Radius Sphere Components: V, S Duration: instantaneous Description: You call ed upon her patron to protect you. Spirits of the dead burst forth from she. The spirits are intangible and invulnerable, and they are good or evil ( sher choice). Each creature within range, other than the caster , must succeed on a Dexterity s aving throw or take 1d6 necrotic damage. At Higher Levels: This spell’s damage increases by 1d6 when she reach 5th level (2d6), 11th level (3d6), and 17th level (4d6). Finally, the day came to leave the institute. She did not know if she would ever retu rn to the great city. Inye explained the best she could to Musa , but he failed to truly grasp what she was referring to. A man of knowledge and not belief, it did not make sense to him. Despite his reservations, he wished Inye the best and provided her with a coffer of 1,000 gold for her centuries of service to the institute. He also gifted her the shard amulet to help her on her journey. Inye set off on the second great adventure of her life. Dark Shard Amulet : Wondrous Item, common (requires attunem ent by a warlock) This amulet is fashioned from a single shard of resilient extraplanar material originating from the realm of her warlock patron. While wearing it, you gain the following benefits: She can use the amulet as a spellcasting focus for her warlock spe lls. She can try to cast a cantrip that she don’t know. The cantrip must be on the warlock spell list, and she must make a DC 10 Intelligence (Arcana) check. If the check succeeds, she cast the spell. If the check fails, so does the spell, and the action u sed to cast the spell is wasted. In either case, she can’t use this property again until she finish a long rest. Iniye’s journey took her from the great city of Dukbini in Southern-Central region of Xaraquin to the port city of Nsari. The journey was a m ix between Savanna and jungle regions and the last 60 miles are so were desert terrain. From Nsari , she boarded a ship headed to the continent of Lucani. She landed in the city of Komsom and she walked through Dense forest, mountains, and high deserts. Eventually she came down from the mountains into a forested region prior to arriving in Jala. In Jala , she boarded a ship that brought she to Chotoise , Sverge Republic (within the continent of Asceveron ). While there she visited a library to learn more about the Stammont Kingdom and the ancient wars that took place. She found mention of a battle of the gods just east of the now Greenvail forest. According to the texts, the battle forever changed the landscape and it became a swamp. Determined that she now has a location to start her search, she boarded a river boat which brought she to Aurlen. She then boarded a sailing ship again and sailed to Wilden. While in Wilden , the dockmaster Pavor Mildflar told she that she would require identifying paperwork to travel within the Stammont Kingdom. The Stammont Kingdom is very cautious about potential spy’s from the Zrelian Dynasty and in turn requires she to have paperwork. She was later approached by a man named Lenny who said he can get her what she needs. Being a wise Loxodon , she decided that it might be best to do this as officially as possible. She went to the government buildings in the city center and was able to speak with the law-master Liam Shorgav. She explained her situation and asked if there was an official way to enter the Kingdom. Laim had never seen someone of her race before and believed her story. He said that he can send a message along with her on her journey to the Kingdom. She was to present the document upon arriving in the Kingdom. She arrived in Roafort , the capital city of the Leister territory within the Stammont Kingdom. When she was exited the ship, she was stopped by two of the Crimson Guard. When asked for paperwork, she presented them with the paperwork that Liam had provided her. They called for two additional guards and she was escorted to the city center. She was closed in a room to wait for someone to speak with her. Half an hour later, a man entered the room and introduced himself as Lord Alan Neylan. After a tense discussion with Inye explaining her situation, Lord Neylan agreed to provide her with temporary paperwork to roam freely within the Kingdom. If she agreed to provide sufficient information about the shards to the kingdom, this could be turned into permanent residency. He explained to her that the she must do the following: Return within 1 year and provide a detailed account of all information learned about shards Follow all posted laws and listen to the orders provided by the Crimson Guard. Report any income over 10,000 gp a year. It will be taxed at 10%. Inye asked Lord Neylan about the swamp she was looking for. Based on her description, he told her she was referring to the Elliswich Quag , and that it was directly North of Toufort. He said that it is known to be a dangerous place, so she should hire some locals to guide her. She arrived in Toufort late on the evening of the 6 th day of Nogule 1,558. Travel: Dukbini ( Xaraquin ) to Nsari ( Xaraquin ) Nsari to Komsom ( Lucani ) Across Lucani to the city of Jala ( Lucani ) Jala to Chotoise ( Sverge Republic) Chotoise to Aurlen , then to Wilden ( a ll Sverge Republic) Wilden to Roafort ( Stammont Kingdom) Roafort , to Toufort Totals: H er journey took 16 1/2 months ( 9 month calendar year). She traveled a total of 6,800 miles. The cost of the journey was 800 gold (for s hip passage, rooms, food &amp; drink, and miscellaneous expenses) She walked any distance on land rather than spending the money on a cart. She was able to find food on her journeys while walking.

===== FILE: Julian Welles\Julian Welles Backstory.docx =====

Julian Welles Backstory: Julian was born in Minwall , a town on the Northern shore of the Stammont Kingdom. When he was 13 years old, his parents were killed by a goblin raid as they were traveling to Greiser. Having no family and no prospects, he decided to join the Stammont Kingdom Army. Julian served the Stammont Kindom Army for his entire adult life. In his time in the army, moving up the ranks, he found himself traveling all over the Kingdom, but spent most of his time near Darkshore fighting off incursions from Zrelia. He and his regiment also patrolled along the southern coast of the Kingdom, spending time near the capital city of Collimar and the surrounding towns. While in Sanfeld , he met a beautiful woman named Sylvie. After a tenday, the were wed and Julian purchased a small farm house for them to live in. Julian was often on assignment and gone for many months at a time, but always returned to his beloved Sylvie. After 2 years, he returned for the birth of his daughter Lily. Having recently been promoted to Captain of the Marauders Company which was responsible for ending the various marauders attacking supply lines between cities. H is company of 200 men was soon dispatched to Towfort to locate and eliminate The Black Tusk tribe. After a week of battles with the Orcs with mounting losses to his company, Julian saw the tactical opportunity to take out the tribe leadership. He heard about their Chieftan named Nok’tar and his esteemed Shaman Lag’ra. Julian coordinated a night raid on the tribal camp. After a successful incursion into the camp, the group met strong resistance by a group of Orc fighters led by a warrior named Khartag. At the moment Julian and his group was getting the upper hand, the Shaman Lag’ra emerged from the tent with the Chieftan. With the help from their leaders, the Orcs mounted a furious counter-attack. With his troops falling, Julian called for a retreat. At that moment, Julian sees the Shaman pointing a finger in his direction and angrily speaks at him in Orcish. Narrowly avoiding death, Julian makes it out of camp as the sole survivor of the raid. Upon his return, Julian feels a wrenching pain in his chest. Dizzy and weak, he returned to his company alone and declares defeat in the campaign, having only 32 of his 200 men remaining. For the entire return trip to Collimar , Julian felt weak and at times required his troop to carry him back. The Medics in the Company could offer no relief. Upon reaching Collimar , Julian sought the best Physicians, Healers, Clerics, and Medicine men. When he found no solution, he was discharged from his duties as Captain of the Stammont Kingdom Army. In Collimar , he found an Acolyte named Skudana who told him that he was under the effects of an ancient curse. Short of a well administered Wish spell, o nly after identifying the curse, would he be able to perhaps find the cure. After visiting his wife and daughter, he set off to find a way to the cure the curse. When leaving his beloved wife and daughter, he vowed to return a full and healthy man again…one day. He set on an adventure with an unknown end…

===== FILE: Kruyth\Kruyth Backstory.docx =====

Kruyth was heading to the shipwreck to find what treasure he might. When he reached the rocky northern shores, he drank one of his potions of water breathing and dove into the unknown depths. As he searched for the wreck on the bottom of the ocean, he noticed a small glint of light off to his right. Following the light, he found a small cave and noticed a rock that looked like the stars of the night. He went to reach for the stone and upon touching it, he was shifted through time and space and found himself amongst the stars. Unable to breathe in the void he was dying. In his last moments before passing out, he thought of moving to the closest object and he was instantly propelled through the void. As this happened, he found himself able to breath and move in this strange place. Time had no meaning here as he moved at the speed of thought seeing wonderful and terrible things. Massive creatures that would destroy entire moons would occasionally be seen moving through the space. Eventually, Kruyth grew tired of the endless void and wanted to find his way back to normal existence. As he though of this, he saw a star glimmer in the distance. With thought alone he reached out to touch the flashing light, moving through space and time as he did. Just prior to touching this object of thought and possibly reality, he saw that the red flashing was from a beautiful gem. He touched the Gem thinking of his normal reality. Instantaneously he was propelled through the planes and found himself on the top of a frozen mountain holding the gem which was attached to a circlet. He found a small outcropping of rock to take a rest, attuning to the circlet. Freezing, he tried to make his way off of the mountain wrapping himself tightly in all of the clothing and blankets he had on him. As he slowing worked his way through the deep snow, he saw a humanoid shape in the distance and hollered out to them “Help!” The shape came closer as he lost consciousness. He then woke up to find himself in a massive tent, tied up and unable to move. A massive Giant stood over him but paying him no attention. Just then, something drew the giants attention and he left the tent. Now was the time for his escape…

===== FILE: Mere Mayhan (Johnathan)\Mere Background.docx =====

Mere Backstory : Came to consciousness in a massive storm at sea. Don’t know how or why I was created, but saw a boat being taken by the storm and sailors dying. I got an overwhelming urge to usher the victims to a peaceful resting place. As more victims of the storm were taken, I also send them to their final destination along with the ship itself. I continued to fulfill my new-found duties to bring the dead to their final resting place. I have an affinity for the sea, and a connection with creatures of the sea. I found a Conch on the seabed, and with it I am able to communicate with the sea creatures. I can ask them to assist me, and often dolphins or occasionally a whale show up to assist me. Besides the dolphins and whales, I have a great deal of appreciation and respect for the sharks, eels, and crabs, who help the fallen sailors’ bodies to return to nature. One day, I found an unusual creature whose small boat capsized. Rather than letting nature take its course and letting her drowned, I chose to save her and I am not sure why. I understand that this is a female, and that they are utilized for reproducing like so many sea creatures do. Once she recovered, she introduced herself as Katie O'Farrell was very curious about her and how she lived, so I followed her ashore and had my first interaction with other humanoids. I find their ways to be very strange, but also very fascinating. I do not understand why someone who choose to live on the land, rather than under the sea, however, I want to explore this further to see if I can learn more about them. One thing I noticed immediately while dwelling on the surface, is that the wind seems to be a fairly regular occurrence. This bothers me to no end. In the past, I have had to surface and I feel uncomfortable in the wind because it dries out my skin. When exposed to heavy wind, It is a laborious process to withstand the ferocity and it weakens my endurance. The whistling noise of the wind brings thoughts to my mind of the discomfort, so when I hear whistling of any kind, it makes me want to cease it from happening. Once, there was a group of sailors that I heard whistling into the wind. I felt compelled to stop it, so I sent waves crashing into their ship in the hopes that they would stop that confounded noise. I have noticed during the time spend on land, that these land lovers seem to have no real purpose in life. My life has profound purpose, and I look down upon those people as they seem to have no real power or ambition with life. Conch of the Seabed (name?): Found on the seabed allows me to cast "Speak with Animals" and "Animal Friendship" 1 time per day each. (Only on sea animals) Abilities and ability changes: Spare the Dying cantrip has a range of 30 feet, can be cast as a bonus action, and does not count against the number of cantrips. Circle of Mortality: Any healing spell cast on a creature with 0 hit points that uses hit dies, will heal the max amount without a role. Eyes of the Grave: Detect location of undead at 60 feet that are not behind total cover or protected from divination. Number of times of Wisdom modifier (3). Aways Prepared Spells: Grave Cleric: Spare the Dying (Cant), False Life, Bane (lvl1), Background/Race: Nature's Tranquility, Shape Water (Cant), Create/D e stroy Water (starting at lvl2 cleric cast at lvl2, 1/long rest) Conch of the Seabed (1/day): Speak with Animals, Animal Friendship (lvl1) Resistances: Acid Proficiency: Trident Scale Mail made from sea creature scales Spear Gun. You mentioned the possibility of changing this to a grappling weapon. This sounds intriguing and could fit with the backstory, but I have fears that as a character, gappling could be a mistake. We talked about animal handling as a proficiency for using dolphins or whales to get around. (that might have been changed by the conch, I am not sure.) Nature proficiency or survival, one or the other that I would use to live on my own at in the ocean. Perception and Insight about my back story. You also said something about a beat up spy glass, silk rope and a net. I didn't see anything about that in the write up. Don't know if I need it. The ray of sickness spell actually is off the death cleric. I think I had you add it by accident. I noticed trident said up to 2 creatures withing 5 feet. I was wondering if I could get some clarification.

===== FILE: Ronan MacGilroy (Netos) (David)\Ronan MacGilroy (Netos).docx =====

Spy Name: Ronan MacGilroy Real Name: Netos Background: I have been engineered for a specific purpose. I have no idea of any life I might have had prior to being initiated in this program. Some of the other initiates have questions if they were born this way, or if they had a life before “The Golden Tiger” project, but I have no interest in what “was”. I am focused on my objectives, and my devotion to Ha z oret. Hazoret has granted me the rare powers of Theurgy. I have the best chance to carry out my mission than anyone released before me in a generation. I will utilize my combined powers of Theurgy and Zeal Domain assets to carry out my mission. There were other “technologies” that came before, but they were mostly failed arcane experiments. The success rate of these constructs was so low that they scrapped the idea completely and went a different direction. It matters not to me, as I am one of the few chosen ones. My mission objectives are as follows: Gather the ancient Titan shard remnants for use in a new arcane weapon. These shards are mostly lost to time. The “older” construct models utilized these shards to power their life. The se constructs were provided as shard amulets that were worn to fuel their lifeforce. I have been provided with a shard detector that is built in to my eyes. Unfortunately, its range is limited. If I should find and old unit that is no longer function ing , I should collect its shard. If it is still functioning, I should attempt to repair it so it carries out its original functions as the original objects will assist in the overall effort. I should locate shards that still exist from long-dead Titans. These are the most powerful. I should plan t a series of small orbs in various locations throughout the Stammont Kingdom and the Sverge republic. Once initiated, they will be invisible sensors for monitoring of activity. I have a necklace of 50 orbs that I should plant where crucial military or government discussions occur. Completely integrate within society of the Stammont Kingdom. I should m ake contacts that allow me to further infiltrate the government by being invited to key meetings. I should report progress back to my handler “ Cenkhem ”. Accept mission updates from my contact Ian McCreaty. I will initiate my mission with first making contact with Ian in “ Baycliff ” My mission will allow for future attack plans to be carried out with much higher success, perhaps bringing an end to the resistance nations. First, we will take out the Stammont Kingdom. With them out of the picture, we will retake the land currently controlled by the Sverge Republic. The timing of the Sverge Republic is crucial as we are dependent on their trade goods. I have been trained in the skills of infiltration to achieve my mission. Specialty training in Stealth and Deception will maximize my ability to succeed. I have also been provided with addition training in Sleight of Hand. This will allow me to more easily place the invisible sensors while people are present. I have the best chance to regain the lands lost to the dynasty a Millennium ago. Given the criticality of my mission, I have been given special “enhancements” that help me complete my mission. These enhancements take some time to fully develop within me. When fully developed, they will grant me an advantage in my mission beyond that of my normal Elven form. Underwater Adaptation (Body enhancement) – Level 1 : You can breathe both air and water, and you have a swimming speed equal to your walking speed. Shard Detector (Body enhancement) – Level 3 : While within 500 feet of an inactive shard piece, a red image appears within your eye to indicate the direction of the shard. Mage Armor Carapace (Body enhancement) – Level 5: Your repeated castings of Mage Armor have become permanent. Your AC now equals 14 + DEX without casting Mage Armor. Arcane Transceiver (Body enhancement) – Level 8: You now have an Arcane fueled communication capability within you. You may conduct a 2-way conversation with your handler similar to if you had cast the s ending spell. You do not need to have the spell prepared, nor do you expend a spell slot to communicate with your handler. You may use this feature once and regain use of it when you complete a long rest. Traits: Personality Trait: I am focused, but I have been trained on how to fit in with normal society. I do what I must to maintain the secrecy of my mission. Ideals: My mission is my best chance for peace on the Continent. Bond: My Pharaoh God “ Hazoret ” is the most important thing in my life. Throughout my training, I developed a cordial relationship with my handler “ Cenkhem (Female Gnome) ”. Flaw: As my Intelligence and gained Wisdom increase over time , I struggle to not question if the course of action in my mission is the correct way to solve the issue. I was trained to be adaptive, but this can be a hindrance for my mission as I have a mind of my own. ( Must make a WIS save against mission updates. On a failed save, I question if it is the best course of action to achieve the goal. DC = INT + WIS ) Magic Item: Sensor Network Bead Necklace (50 beads) (Rare) : While wearing this necklace, you may pull a bead off and throw it up to 60 feet in any direction. The bead becomes invisible and operates as though the clairvoyance spell was cast. When cast, you can select either seeing or hearing. Your organization can see or hear through this sensor. These beads remain active indefinitely until dispelled or destroyed.

===== FILE: Vishra-Nari (Chase)\Vishra-Nari (Chris Chase) Background.docx =====

V i shra-Nari (Chris Chase) Kalashtar Monk Vishra grew up in Collimar , the capital city of the Stammont Kingdom. Raised as the sole daughter in an upper-middle class family, her parents found education to be very important. Her mother Clyst ia Falimnar has been a bookkeeper with in the Obsidian Order. Clystai , was once married but was unable to produce her own offspring. She always desired a child, but the fates would have it that she was infertile. Within the many books contained in the Obsidian Order Vault, Clystai found a long-forgotten tome on the mingling of the spirit world with the mortal world. Through a secret ritual, she became impregnated by a spirit. 10 months later, Vishra was born. To this day, nobody but her mother knows the true nature of Vishra and how she came to be. Starting at a young age, Vishra was introduced to the order and spent much of her childhood there learning the ways of the monks and the knowledge contained within the Vaults of Elucidation. Her unique features made her not quite fit in, but her beauty overcame any odd features that she has. She found that boys who initially were mean to her growing up showed a lot of interest in her as she matured. She has striking angular features to her facial structure, pale white skin, and platinum white hair. Her blue eyes almost seem to glow and this feature has become more pronounced as she ages. Vishra had her Coming of Age ceremony within the Vault at the age of 16, and she became a formal member of the T he Obsidian Order. Her friend and mentor Albus Finnigan could not have been prouder of her. Albus has always been there for her and she sees him as the father she never had. Albus always noted the unique connection to the spirits, the Astral Plane, and to her Psionic abilities. A new training regiment was going to be needed to try to harness her innate abilities. Vishra always struggled to contain and utilize her Ki. For many others learning how to master their Ki came easy, but Vishra s inner struggle with the spirits within her made it a challenge. Albus insisted that it was only a matter of time before she was able to control it, and when she does, she will have abilities that no-one has ever seen before. As part of her ongoing training, she has been assigned a mission by the Order to travel the lands, creating highly accurate maps of the Kingdom. When her powers become fully realized, perhaps she will be assigned a different role other than cartographer. Vishra has a mixed relationship with the Q uori spirits that reside within her. She is unable to communicate to them directly, but often has vivid dreams and nightmares that help drive her actions. Vishra often prefers to speak telepathically to others, though she knows that this can often turn others off as they tend to think she is reading their mind. She is quite unemotional and relies on her logic rather than emotion to drive her decisions. The suppression of emotion has become even more prevalent with her training. Her dreams often take her to the realm of Dal Quor , a place that is protected from the evil spirits that would cloud her dreams and have them turn into nightmares. One spirit guide Lhethoa is a primary focus of her dreams and helps bring her to Dal Quor when under attack by the evil Jhorial spirit. Vishra has become enthralled with Lhethoa and has built a great relationship to him in the dream realm. Personality Trait : Prefers to communicate telepathically. Is very familiar with men being enthralled with her beauty. Is able to manage them easily. Ideals: Knowledge and experience is above everything including relationships. She spends half of her life in the spirit world. To her it is as real as the material world. Bonds: The Obsidian Order Clystia Falimnar : Her mother Albus Finnigan: Her mentor, trainer, and surrogate father. Lhethoa : Her spirit guide. Flaws: Her dreams can drive her actions. After nights where she dreams, he struggles to control her ki. CHA save DC:15 or Ki halved (rounded up). Way of the Astral Self (UA) Monks of the Way of the Astral Self have an internal struggle with their ki. They see their mystical energy as a representation of their true form, an astral self. This form has the capacity to be a force of good or destruction, with some monasteries training students to either temper their nature or embrace their impulses. Forms of Your Astral Self The astral self is a translucent embodiment of the monk’s psyche and soul. As a result, the form of an astral self reflects the mind of the monk who manifests it. Your astral self could be a humanoid knight with a helmeted face and large, muscular arms, or it could be a golden metallic form with thin arms like a modron. When choosing this path, consider the quirks that define your monk. Are they obsessed with something? Are you driven by justice or a selfish desire? Any of these motivations could manifest in the form of your astral self. Arms of the Astral Self At 3rd level, your mastery of your ki allows you to summon a portion of your astral self. On your turn, you can spend 2 ki points as a bonus action to summon the arms of your astral self for 10 minutes. These spectral arms hover near your shoulders. You determine the arms’ appearance based on the qualities of your character. While your astral arms are summoned, you gain the following benefits: You can use your Wisdom modifier in place of your Strength modifier when making Strength checks and Strength saving throws. The arms are monk weapons and have a reach of 10 feet. The arms deal radiant or necrotic damage (your choice). When you attack with the arms, you can use your Wisdom modifier instead of your Strength or Dexterity modifier for the attack and damage rolls. Immediately after you use the Attack action with your astral arms on your turn, you can make one extra attack with your astral arms as a bonus action. The number of extra attacks increases when you reach certain levels in this class, increasing to two at 11th level and three at 17th level. Visage of the Astral Self Starting at 6th level, you can summon the visage of your astral self. On your turn, you can spend 1 ki point as a bonus action, or as part of summoning your astral arms, to summon this visage for 10 minutes. The spectral visage covers your face like a helmet or mask. You determine its appearance based on the qualities of your character. While your visage is summoned, you gain the following benefits. Wisdom of the Spirit. You have advantage on Wisdom ( Insight ) and Charisma ( Intimidation ) checks. Astral Sight. You can see normally in darkness, both magical and nonmagical, to a distance of 120 feet. Awakening of the Astral Self Starting at 11th level, you tap into the greater power of your astral self. While you have both your astral arms and visage summoned, you gain the following benefits. Deflect Energy. When you take acid, cold, fire, lightning, or force damage, you can use your reaction to deflect it. When you do so, the damage you take is reduced by 1d10 + your Wisdom modifier + your monk level. Empowered Arms. Once on each of your turns when you hit a target with your astral arms, you can deal extra damage to the target equal to your Martial Arts die. Word of the Spirit. When you speak through your visage, you can direct your words to a creature of your choice that you can see within 30 feet of you, making it so only that creature can hear you. Alternatively, you can amplify your voice so that all creatures within 600 feet can hear you. Complete Astral Self Starting at 17th level, your connection to your astral self is complete, allowing you summon it entirely. On your turn, you can spend 10 ki points as a bonus action to summon the arms, visage, and body of your astral self for 10 minutes. This spectral body covers your physical form like a suit of armor, connecting with the arms and visage. You determine its appearance based on the qualities of your character. While your astral self is summoned, you gain the following benefits. Armor of the Spirit. You gain a +2 bonus to AC while you aren’t incapacitated. Astral Barrage. Whenever you use the Extra Attack feature to attack twice, you can instead attack three times using your astral arms. Ki Consumption. When a creature within 10 feet of you is reduced to 0 hit points, you can use your reaction to regain ki points equal to your Wisdom modifier (minimum 1).

===== FILE: Julian Welles\Julian Welles Backstory.txt =====

Julian Welles Backstory:

Julian was born in Minwall, a town on the Northern shore of the Stammont Kingdom.  When he was 13 years old, his parents were killed by a goblin raid as they were traveling to Greiser.  Having no family and no prospects, he decided to join the Stammont Kingdom Army.

Julian served the Stammont Kindom Army for his entire adult life.  In his time in the army, moving up the ranks, he found himself traveling all over the Kingdom, but spent most of his time near Darkshore fighting off incursions from Zrelia.  He and his regiment also patrolled along the southern coast of the Kingdom, spending time near the capital city of Collimar and the surrounding towns.

While in Sanfeld, he met a beautiful woman named Sylvie.  After a tenday, the were wed and Julian purchased a small farm house for them to live in.  Julian was often on assignment and gone for many months at a time, but always returned to his beloved Sylvie.  After 2 years, he returned for the birth of his daughter Lily.
Having recently been promoted to Captain of the Marauders Company which was responsible for ending the various marauders attacking supply lines between cities.  His company of 200 men was soon dispatched to Towfort to locate and eliminate The Black Tusk tribe.  

After a week of battles with the Orcs with mounting losses to his company, Julian saw the tactical opportunity to take out the tribe leadership.  He heard about their Chieftan named Nok’tar and his esteemed Shaman Lag’ra.  Julian coordinated a night raid on the tribal camp.  After a successful incursion into the camp, the group met strong resistance by a group of Orc fighters led by a warrior named Khartag.  At the moment Julian and his group was getting the upper hand, the Shaman Lag’ra emerged from the tent with the Chieftan.  With the help from their leaders, the Orcs mounted a furious counter-attack.  With his troops falling, Julian called for a retreat.  At that moment, Julian sees the Shaman pointing a finger in his direction and angrily speaks at him in Orcish.

Narrowly avoiding death, Julian makes it out of camp as the sole survivor of the raid.  Upon his return, Julian feels a wrenching pain in his chest.  Dizzy and weak, he returned to his company alone and declares defeat in the campaign, having only 32 of his 200 men remaining. 

For the entire return trip to Collimar, Julian felt weak and at times required his troop to carry him back.  The Medics in the Company could offer no relief.  Upon reaching Collimar, Julian sought the best Physicians, Healers, Clerics, and Medicine men.  When he found no solution, he was discharged from his duties as Captain of the Stammont Kingdom Army.

In Collimar, he found an Acolyte named Skudana who told him that he was under the effects of an ancient curse.  Short of a well administered Wish spell, only after identifying the curse, would he be able to perhaps find the cure.

After visiting his wife and daughter, he set off to find a way to the cure the curse.  When leaving his beloved wife and daughter, he vowed to return a full and healthy man again…one day.  He set on an adventure with an unknown end…


===== FILE: Inye (Teodora)\Alas life displacement.txt =====

Ala's Life Displacement

Ala grants you the ability to effect the vitality of living beings.  As an action, you point at a creature within 60 feet of you and a blackish-green ethereal tendril extends out of your finger, grasping the life force within that being.  Make an attack roll against that target.  On a hit, the target sufferers necrotic damage equal to a number of d6 equal to your level. You regain a number of hit points equal to the amount of damage dealt.

Alternatively, you can extend a second tendril with your other arm and lash on to a second target within range.  The transferred life then flows through you to the second creature.  If the creature is unwilling, they may make a constitution saving throw to negate the healing effect.

You can use this feature once per short rest.  Beginning at 5th level, you can use this feature twice, instead of once.  The number of times you can use this ability increases to three when you reach 11th level and to four when you reach 20th level.

===== FILE: Inye (Teodora)\Personality traits Backup.txt =====

Personality traits
I would rather observe than meddle.

Ideals
Understanding life and death as motivators shaping civilizations.

Bonds
I won't return to my home unless I have proven my mettle as a philosopher.

Flaws
I believe that I'm intellectually superir to people from other cultures and have much to teach them.
